like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , pain and fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anaemia ( low red blood cell count ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fatigue , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark coloured urine or retina ( retina ) in the retina ( foot ) or foot of the lens of the foot of a foot ( foot ) in the foot of the anus ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark coloured urine or retina ( retina ) in the retina ( foot ) or foot of the lens of the foot of a foot ( foot ) in the foot of the anus ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark coloured urine or retina ( retina ) in the retina ( foot ) or foot of the lens of the foot of a foot ( foot ) in the foot of the anus ( gout ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , dark coloured urine . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , skin or joints ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot of the anus ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread rash , red skin with blisters on the lips , eyes , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than foot of the anus ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). widespread rash , peeling skin , hives ( urticaria ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash and peeling skin , or boils . stevens
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you have symptoms of liver problems ( hepatitis ) liver problems including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( very common ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( death ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( death ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience stomach pain , eczema , dark urine , liver function tests , liver function tests that may show up in blood tests your white blood tests may also show a decrease in the number of white blood cells and lymphocytes in the blood . symptoms include liver problems such as eczema , eczema , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset stomach or liver_enzymes . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood enzymes levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) and uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 100 patients ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very common side effect ) hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if this occurs , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating which could be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic shock . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic shock . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic shock . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - changes in liver function tests - rash - itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic shock . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy skin - increased liver enzymes in your blood - changes in liver function tests - rash - itchy skin
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions which may be life - threatening . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been reported : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - injection site pain - redness , swelling and / or a hard lump where the injection is given common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - 10_people_pain - bruising - fever - fever - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - joint pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - inability to develop or maintain an erection - inflammation or bruising ( vasculitis ) - inflammation or bruising ( vasculitis ) - allergic reactions - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) - paralysis - inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ) - skin rashes ( including joint pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include : difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ) and hypersensitivity reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or itching at the injection site , which may cause difficulty breathing , stinging at the injection site , itching at the injection site , itching at the injection site , itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail problems , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), 46 tiredness , feeling weak , pain , redness or swelling ( oedema ), weight loss , loss of appetite , low levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ), increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 increased appetite , loss of appetite , low blood levels of neutropenia ( lymphopenia ), leukopenia , increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 increased appetite , shortness of breath , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , neutropenia , rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , low blood levels of neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia , increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 increased appetite , shortness of breath , high blood pressure , low blood pressure ( neutropenia ), hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) coughing up blood , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you develop any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - angioedema ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , feeling of coughing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ) ( angioedema ) - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , difficulty breathing , feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using laventair_ellipta if you have wheezing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - sore throat - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache - cough_pain ( pain in the back of the upper chest ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache - pain in the upper chest , back or back - pain in the upper abdomen and back - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - faster heart beat ( tachycardia ) - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision , change in vision - a change in your vision ( glaucoma ) - difficulty in passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention ( frequency not known ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of your face or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects can be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection , headaches , headaches , dizziness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain and tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration , bruising or bleeding in the eyes , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration , bruising or bleeding in the eyes , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding at injection site , fluid retention , swollen lymph glands , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , bleeding in the eye , fluid retention , nose bleed , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , fluid retention , discolouration or bruising at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite ,
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and a_blood_clot . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid and nose feeling in and around the penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or irritation of the conjunctiva ( the eye ) ear problems ( including bleeding from the ear or chest discomfort and discomfort or discomfort in the arms and legs ) increased pressure in the body and / or chest ( which may cause pain or discomfort in the cheeks or spread across the penis ) increased blood pressure ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation and irritation of the conjunctiva ( the retina ) ear attack uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect of clopidogrel use is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); or severe abdominal pain ; jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); jaundice ( yellow and white skin rash ); confusion ; itching ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); have also been reported . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased blood pressure , difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , increased blood pressure , liver function tests , diarrhoea , nausea ( kidney function ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased cholesterol levels in the blood , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the white blood cells , decreased appetite , increased acidity of the white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), nausea , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorders , fits , tingling or numbness ( sometimes painful ) in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye_disorders , ringing in the ears , reduced blood flow to parts of the lung , cough , flu like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , liver disorder , liver disorder , inflammation of the liver , itching , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bile duct disorders , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , liver injury , liver disorder , inflammation of the liver , itching , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching , itching of the skin , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the skin , itching of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as bleeding in the eyes or back , such as back pain , fever , breathing difficulties and blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , e . g . trace reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh infection . - infection ( sepsis ) may be severe and could lead to death . - if you start feeling chest pain ( common ) or having a fast pain - if you have a temperature of tiredness , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or other pain , redness , swelling or irritation in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or intense swelling of your arms or legs ( signs of allergic reaction ) - if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or loss of consciousness ( common ) - swelling of your face or legs ( signs of allergic reaction ) - if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or intense pain , redness or pain in your thigh , especially in the arms or legs . - allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or loss of consciousness ( common ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - tiredness and feeling faint . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or loss of consciousness ( common ) - swelling of your face or legs (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of injection . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , swelling , hives , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , sudden cardiac attack , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell or sudden drop in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ) but the reaction at the injection site and such as rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever , and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most commonly reported side effect ( 7 to 7 years of age ) the side effects listed below have been observed with immunogam : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ) rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most common side effect ( at least 7 in 7 patients ) and at the injection site ( at least 7 to 7 years of age ) the following side effects have been reported : common : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ) include : rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most commonly reported side effect ( which may affect more than 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ) were : headache , dizziness , fever , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden fall in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most commonly reported side effect ( which may affect up to 7 days of 7 doses of the vaccine ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden cardiac death , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most commonly reported side effect in adolescents ( 7 to 7 years of age ): the following undesirable effects have been reported : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , sudden loss of consciousness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever . the most common side effect ( at least 7 in 7 patients ) and at the injection site ( at least 7 to 7 years of age ) the following side effects have been reported : common : headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): rash , feeling unwell , sudden drop in blood pressure ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : - allergic reactions ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat ; - breathing difficulties ; - fever ; - sweating ; - lightheadedness or infection ( signs of low blood counts ). - abscess ( common ); - tb ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ; - feeling sick ( nausea ) - herpes infection ( herpes zoster ) - sore throat - sore throat common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - liver enzymes shown in blood tests - high blood pressure - bronchitis - pneumonia - difficult or difficult breathing - chest pain - bleeding in the stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn , constipation - mouth sores ( hives ) - itchy skin - change in the way things taste - feeling like increased sweating - increased sweating - hot flush - nosebleed - warm or red skin - feeling tired or weak bacterial - low blood pressure - abscess ( abscess ) - hot flush - nosebleed - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak bacterial - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak bacterial - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm - red skin - feeling tired or weak - passing out ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) - abscess - warm -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms after injection of placebo : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - placebo ( joint pain ) - arthralgia ( joint pain ) - joint stiffness - painful joints - numbness or abnormal sensation in the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - confusion - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - musculoskeletal pain - joint stiffness - painful joints ( myalgia ) - numbness and muscle weakness in the limbs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - confusion - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - runny nose - irritation of the skin ( angioedema ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) - skin irritation ( dermatitis ) of skin ( angioedema ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint stiffness ( hypertonia ) - joint stiffness ( hypertonia ) - joint stiffness ( myalgia ) - muscle spasms ( myalgia ) - muscle spasms - abnormal dreams uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - sudden onset of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , tired , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats , blood in urine , kidney function disorder , scarring of the veins of the chest , ear pain , buzzing , numbness , tingling , prickling , migraine , migraine , dizziness , vertigo , double vision , loss of hearing , buzzing , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , nose bleed , cold sores , inflammation or rhythm disorders , indigestion , bloating , heart burn , dry mouth , abdominal pain , indigestion , vomiting , allergic reactions , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in the urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the lungs , muscle weakness or pain injection site reactions : redness , swelling , inflammation , bruising , blood disorders , bleeding , bruising or paleness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as severe rash , wheezing or breathing difficulties , which are symptoms of breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , dizziness , swelling of the face and / or throat , blisters of the skin , sugar in your urine and sugar in your urine . if you have any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , increased heart rate , nose bleed , vomiting , acid reflux , rash , itching of the skin , raised numbers of sugar in your blood , sugar or sugar . allergic reactions , breathing difficulties , wheezing , chest pain , low blood pressure , increased heart rate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , please tell your doctor or nurse immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever and feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . - falls . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , patients have experienced the following side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , increased pressure , difficulty in passing urine . side effects reported with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): cancer of the central nervous system ( reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , back pain , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleeds , inflammation or pain , redness , swelling , itching decreased appetite , high blood pressure , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , dry eye , increased sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling abnormal abnormal sense of taste , ringing in the ears , feeling abnormal or abnormal sensation in the eye , blurred vision , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , sinus infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , sneezing , asthma , sinus disorder , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , swelling of the face , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , decreased urine output , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased or decreased urine output , increased blood pressure , inability to obtain or maintain an erection , sensation of burning sensation , chest pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , decreased urine output , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased or decreased urine output , increased blood pressure , inability to obtain or maintain an erection , sensation of burning sensation , chest pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , decreased urine output , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased or decreased urine output , increased blood pressure , inability to obtain or maintain an erection , sensation of burning sensation , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain , joint pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and infection , rash , pain in extremity , decreased urine output , increased blood pressure , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased or decreased urine output , increased blood pressure , inability to obtain or maintain an erection , sensation of burning sensation , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal vision , visual disturbances , ringing in the ears , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal stool , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , infection of the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , dizziness , fast or uneven heartbeat , fast heartbeat , urinary tract infection , the signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , a sensation of spinning or a slow heartbeat . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , a sensation of spinning or tightness in the chest , or changes in your sense of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , a sensation of spinning or a slow heartbeat . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , a sensation of spinning or tightness in the chest , or changes in your sense of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and reactions ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy and strength ), bone or joint pain , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ) and blood clot in the blood vessels ( thromboembolism ) at injection site , pain , redness , swelling and / or inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( frequent urination ), fatigue ( lack of energy ), ears_ringing injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and reactions ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low levels of phosphate in the blood , which may cause fatigue and frequent swelling ) and inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  infection , fever , chills , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness with symptoms such as flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling , discomfort . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypotension ( low blood pressure ) with symptoms such as rash , dry skin , acne , skin_redness , swelling , feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . tell your doctor if you have any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or chest pain . you could also experience a rash , chills and shivering or shivering ( these may be signs of an allergic reaction ). difficulty in breathing and 65 . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may consider reducing the infusion rate of bevacizumab . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or tenderness in the arms and legs decreased number of red blood cells lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy inability to sleep ( insomnia ) muscle or joint pain muscle pain or joint pain , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , thirst or a tingling of hands and / or feet difficulty walking . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or low blood pressure ( shock ) seen when bevacizumab is used alone or in combination . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or tenderness in the arms and legs , decreased number of red cells in the blood , lack of energy , lack of energy , abnormal sensation in the skin , joint or muscle pain , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , thirst or a tingling of hands or feet , which may be caused by inflammation of the sinuses , cough , difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include : difficulty breathing , chest pain or low blood pressure ( shock ) in patients with bevacizumab , the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood vessels in the skin ( which can cause difficulty in breathing or chest pain ), low blood pressure ( hypertension ) in patients with bevacizumab , the following side effects have been reported in patients taking bevacizumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including serious headache , visual infections , redness of the eye , eye pain , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , joint or muscle pain , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , thirst or a tingling of the hands or feet , reduced number of platelets in the blood , rash , sores in the mouth and throat , painful or difficulty swallowing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or low blood pressure ( shock ) in patients with bevacizumab , the following additional side effects have been reported in patients taking bevacizumab : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , including bronchial nerve infections ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain ) and low blood pressure ( shock ) in patients with bevacizumab , the following additional side effects have been reported in patients taking bevacizumab : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , including bronchial nerve infections ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain ) and low blood pressure ( shock ) in patients with bevacizumab , the following additional side effects have been reported in patients taking bevacizumab : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , including bronchial nerve infections ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure ) and fluid in the lungs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , rapid breathing , blood in the urine , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular heartbeat , deep breathing , deep breathing , blood in your chest or fluid in your chest , swelling or swelling in your arms and legs . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your skull . signs and symptoms can include : fever , chills , breathlessness , cough , heart attack , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( lung infection ), such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone or joint pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lightheadedness or fluid in the lungs . lung infection . a condition in which the skull may not work properly . symptoms can include infection or infection of the lung . infections can be life - threatening . fever and chills . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of your stomach area . you may also have symptoms such as fever , chills , breathing difficulties , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( lung infection ) such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , bone pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , lung infection . a condition in which the immune system attacks the body has been affected . symptoms of infection and infection old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "): infections that may be life - threatening . fever and chills . reduced number of infections may be life - threatening . fever , chills , breathing difficulties , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the legs . symptoms may include : fever , chills , breathlessness , cough , heart attack , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the skull ( symptoms include : fever , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , joint pain , muscle spasm or muscle spasm ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , lung infection . a condition in which the immune system attacks the body has been affected . symptoms of infection and infection old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "): infections that may be life - threatening . fever and chills . reduced number of infections , which may be life - threatening . fever , chills , breathing difficulties , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the legs . symptoms may include : fever , chills , breathlessness , cough , heart attack , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the skull ( symptoms include : fever , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , joint pain , muscle spasm or muscle spasm ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung , lung infection . a condition in which the immune system attacks the body has been affected . symptoms of infection and infection old infections may flare up people with advanced hiv infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "): infections that may be life - threatening . fever and chills . reduced number of infections , which may be life - threatening . fever , chills , breathing difficulties , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the legs . symptoms include : fever , chills , breathlessness , heart attack , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , blood clots in the veins or in the legs . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , bone pain , muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lightheadedness or infection in the lung . lung infection . a condition in which the skull may not work properly . symptoms can include infection or infection of the lung . infections can be life - threatening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following , stop taking januvia and contact your doctor immediately : - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and sitagliptin when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced flu - like frequency following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced drowsiness , stomach ache and sitagliptin when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). - flu - like symptoms , such as flu and mouth ulcers , - constipation , - some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : - flu ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). - stomach ache and vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : - flu ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common : flu ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). - stomach ache and vomiting when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and pioglitazone : common : - flu ( e . g . hives , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , itching , bruising or swelling ) can occur . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes a blood clot in the body . if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) 44 some of these reactions are less common at the start of injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reactions and / or a fever . high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . if you have pain , redness , swelling , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of these signs , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) 49 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms are : a rash , itching , peeling skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash or itching . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether treatment with giotrif . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , pain , swelling and redness ( conjunctivitis ) nasal congestion . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , infection of lung , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , fungal infections , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , itching , dry skin , pain , inflammation and inflammation of the tendons reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath or rash . the other side effects have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain , eyes , loss of appetite , nausea and increased liver enzymes in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , shortness of breath , stomach or abdominal pain , rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) ringing in the ears , ear pain , spinning sensation ( ear pain ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions , dizziness , rash , itchy rash ( hives ) allergic reactions ( rash ) 78 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions to nyxoid may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if you experience symptoms such as rash , itching or heart_attack , itching or itching . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack , low blood pressure , dizziness , rapid heart rate , irregular heartbeat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , sweating or diarrhoea . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . stop taking nyxoid . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . feeling sick , vomiting and diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following symptoms : diarrhoea , sweating , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop using ovaleap and tell your doctor immediately : - sudden allergic reaction - the signs may include : difficulty breathing , chest pain , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - blood clots in the veins . this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - complications of ohss such as twisting of ovaries or blood clotting may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - severe allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - serious allergic reactions ( this may include breathlessness , chest pain , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure ) - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - complications of malignant blood clotting ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - cases of chest pain , breathlessness , chest pain , irregular heartbeat , and / or stroke . your doctor will tell you how to treat this . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . - serious allergic reaction : if you experience breathlessness , chest pain , chest pain , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately : allergic reactions : if you have a skin rash or reddening of your skin , or a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , itchy or red spots on the skin , or life - threatening skin rashes . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gallstones , irritation and / or ulcers in the back of the eye . decrease in the number of white blood cells and blood platelets . platelets , low level of blood platelets , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium low blood potassium , low blood potassium , low blood potassium , increased sodium in the blood , anxiety , depression , anxiety , dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness in the hands or feet blurred vision , double vision or other eye problems : blurred vision , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , ringing in the ears ( vertigo ), ear pain , ringing in the ears , vertigo , inflammation of the blood vessels in the eye , constipation , indigestion , indigestion , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , liver failure , gallbladder inflammation , gallstones , joint inflammation , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the pancreas , redness of the skin , joint inflammation , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or frequent urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination , painful or painful urination
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 or 7 days after the_injection injection ( see section 7 , " warnings and precautions "). the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): itching ( common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling , pain , itching , warmth or swelling at the injection site extending to more than 7 cm and feeling very tired ( generally feeling unwell ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site where the injection was given such as itching , redness , swelling , warmth or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the site where each injection was given . warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking , feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , pain , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a doctor or doctor if any of these symptoms 59 59 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking , feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles and joints . these symptoms usually disappear within a couple of hours or days . talk to a doctor or doctor if any effects become troublesome or last more than 59 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) liver problems ( difficulty swallowing , indigestion , dyspepsia ) itching ( pruritus ) rash loss of hair common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) liver problems , difficulty swallowing , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) itching of the skin ( pruritus ) itching ( pruritus ) tingling or numbness of the skin feeling anxious or having something in the chest feeling anxious or feeling dizzy when standing up because of a low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . infection of the blood vessels in the brain ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ) stroke heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood tests showing liver problems very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) chest infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest infection ( urinary tract infection ) the signs may include breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) and breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure on standing up ( very common ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sudden drop in blood pressure ; blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) and breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate ( bradycardia ) breathlessness , breathlessness , chest or fast heart beat , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( common ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heartbeat ( torsade de pointes ) or breathlessness , including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , faster heart rate ( bradycardia ) breathlessness , breathlessness , chest or fast heart beat , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) respiratory infections urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sudden drop in blood pressure ; blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) sudden drop in blood pressure ; blurred vision due to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction with the symptoms such as breathlessness , blurred vision , slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or other signs of pneumonia ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( this may be a sign of a serious infection of the lung or the airways ) blurred vision 37 if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the lung ( copd ) tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you notice any of the side effects above . blurred vision 37 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection of the lung ( copd ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), you should tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) that may be life - threatening . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a severe increase in blood pressure , which can cause sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . - anaphylaxis . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rashes - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation , bruising or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ) - low level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ) - low level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a low level of phosphate in the blood ) - antibiotic not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - antibiotic very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation , bruising or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ) - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a low level of phosphate in the blood ) - antibiotic not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( feeling sick ) - stomach ache ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation , bruising or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( neutropenia ) - a decrease in the levels of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ( a sign of a low level of phosphate in the blood ) - antibiotic not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - antibiotic very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given - irritation , bruising or bleeding - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low levels of phosphate in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - an increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood ) - low level of creatinine in your blood ( shown in a blood test
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic reactions ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), pain_in_limb , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , drowsiness , feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , pain_in_limb . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):  respiratory tract infections , such as difficulty in swallowing , feeling weak , fast heartbeat , sweating , fever , muscle stiffness , sweating , dizziness , fainting , fall . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens to you , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ): increased appetite , dizziness , headache , muscular weakness , joint_pain back pain , joint pain , pain in limb , back pain , weakness , fatigue , bruising , falling , tendon stones , feeling cold , cramps or disorientation , high blood sugar , increased appetite , stiffness or injury . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) and injury / injury . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and injury . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and injury . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal_dreams , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ) and psoriasis . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure ) and chest pain or an increase in heart rate ( qt prolongation ). tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be sepsis . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people severe infections ( including sepsis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heart failure o chest pain ; heart attack ; abnormal heart rhythm  high blood pressure  low blood pressure  chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations  rapid heart rate  heart failure  chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate  palpitations  rapid heart rate  heart failure  chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate  palpitations  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart failure  chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart_failure  rapid heart rate  heart failure  chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart_failure heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; palpitations ; rapid heart rate ; heart failure ; heart attack ; chest pain ; rapid heart beat  palpitations ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased blood pressure . the signs of low blood sugar may include low yellowing of your skin or eyes and urine ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by loss of vision . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : blood tests may show an increase in the level of some blood cells ( autoantibodies common ) or in the number of blood platelets . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin measurement ( platelets ); increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for sodium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience a reaction at the infusion site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or inflammation . in many patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of inflammation may be life - threatening . - if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or inflammation . in many patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of inflammation and inflammation may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - you may experience fever , infection or inflammation in your mouth , or other parts of the body . - if you are being sick to get any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - fever : if you have an infection , which lasts for more than one hours , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever signs of infection caused by inflammation in your body or if you get a sore mouth , or if you feel being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in your stomach , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling or being sick , vomiting , flushing , palpitations ( palpitations ) - heart attack or low blood pressure ( angina ) tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or inflammation . in many patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of inflammation and inflammation may be life - threatening . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - passing gas ( flatulence ), - loss of appetite , - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . these may be angina . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or inflammation . in many patients with advanced hiv infection ( aids ) and a history of inflammation and inflammation may be life - threatening . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the mouth - feeling sick , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - decrease in appetite - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . if you get any of these symptoms , or if you get any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of these symptoms : chills : if you have an increase of 4 or more bowel movements compared to your normal bowel movements each day or any asthma at night . vomiting : if you vomit more than once in a 24 - hour time period . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , feeling dizzy or weak . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - runny or stuffy nose - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased sexual drive rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - decreased heart rate ( palpitations ) - fainting - loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty in breathing ( dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen and bloating , bloating , vomiting and itching . some side effects have been reported . some side effects could be serious . these side effects are uncommon . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience any symptoms such as tightness in your chest , chest tightness , wheezing or difficulty in breathing , dizziness or hives , low blood pressure during treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects after taking this medicine : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding - seizures ( convulsions ) - fever - chills - severe bleeding may lead to treatment . - if you notice a marked decrease in your blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . - if you experience a slight loss of vision ( bleeding ) - if you experience loss of appetite , weakness , shortness of breath , or weakness , shortness of breath , or bleeding in your stomach or bowel , trouble swallowing , bowel or haemorrhoids , haemorrhoids , painful or painful stools , deafness , ringing in the ears , earache or hot flushes . - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas are : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth , or other areas , or sores in the mouth , or in the mouth , or other areas of your lung_side_effects . - if you experience abdominal pain , vomiting or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or looking pale ( common ). in some cases these may be serious and may lead to a very severe form of bleeding known as described above . - reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ; a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ), which may be a sign of unusual bleeding or bleeding . - pain , loss of appetite , weakness , shortness of breath , blistering of the lips or mouth , double vision , bowel or haemorrhoids , haemorrhoids , painful or painful stools , deafness , ringing in the ears , earache or hot flushes . - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas may include : - severe pain in the abdomen and / or back , which may detach difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - severe stomach pain , vomiting or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever and / or feeling weak . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - lymphopenia - thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of white blood cells ) - allergic reaction - fever - reduced levels of sodium in the blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - lymphopenia - thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of white blood cells ) - allergic reaction - fever - reduced levels of sodium in the blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - reduction in the number of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives or immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to sudden_cardiac_death . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . severe loss of vision has been reported in patients treated with cialis . other side effects very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - dizziness - faster heart beat - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleed - indigestion - feeling sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - reflux or blurred vision - eye pain , difficulty in breathing and / or blood in your urine , high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss or swelling of the face - sudden drop in blood pressure - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden cardiac attack - irregular heart beat - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleed - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin - penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack , stroke and sudden cardiac death . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : migraine , swelling of the face , serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reactions with other medicine ( e . g . migraine and swelling_of_the_face ) - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( stroke ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sudden decrease or loss of vision ( frequency not known ) other side effects which have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - dizziness - faster heart beat - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleed - indigestion - feeling sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - reflux or blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ) - blood pressure - high blood pressure - nose bleed - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - feeling tired rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - stroke - passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - elevated levels of some liver enzymes - elevated liver enzymes - increased sweating - heart attack - stroke - sudden swelling of the face - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - serious allergic reaction which causes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect ) hypoglycaemia ( a side effect that may affect more than one in 1 , 000 patients ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating and anaphylactic shock . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting diarrhoea stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) rash , dry skin , rash , visual disturbances such as feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting diarrhoea stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) rash , dry skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion diarrhoea , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): rash , swelling of the skin , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , headache , nausea ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma or visual disturbances . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( indicating hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma or visual disturbances . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( indicating hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , coma , visual disturbances or feeling dizzy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , vomiting ( nausea ), vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduced red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - symptoms may include headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the tissue is applied . - runny nose , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , increased appetite , trouble sleeping ( insomnia ), tired , weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , swelling or a hard lump ( haematoma ) - a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ). - infection . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - skin infection ( herpes zoster ) - sore throat - runny nose - bleeding in the nose - nosebleeds - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - increase in liver enzymes uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - shaking - fainting - build - up of fluid in the lungs ( e . g . sore throat ) - runny nose - bleeding in the nose - nosebleeds - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - changes in liver function uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) - shaking - fainting - build - up of fluid in the lungs ( e . g . sore throat ) - runny nose - bleeding in the skin ( urticaria ) - difficulties in swallowing ( dysphagia ) - kidney problems ( disturbed kidney function ) - urinary tract infection - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( such as redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) - symptoms include a high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty breathing , dry cough ( myocardial infarction ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing , dry nose ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth - acute kidney failure ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - sudden and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) - dry skin ( angioedema ) unknown ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing , dry nose ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing with dry mouth ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - clubbing ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ) which can cause difficulty in breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ) which can cause difficulty in breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of clubbing ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( pres ) which can cause difficulty in breathing , dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , low blood pressure , runny or stuffy nose , sneezing , cough , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , muscle twitching , muscle weakness . not known : reactions ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reactions :  swelling ( oedema ), swelling and / or swelling in the back of the hands and mouth . heart problems : irregular heart beat , fluid in the lungs , eye_discomfort chest pain , dry eye , abnormal hair growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorders ( damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling in the front part of the eye ( the iris ) caused by the presence of a flat , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent areas , skin irritation , small areas of skin , hair loss , small red spots on the skin , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , abnormal liver function . muscle pain or swelling of the face . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorder , damage to the clear layer at the front of the body ( the iris ) have developed cloudy patches on the surface of the eye , swelling of the eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision , loss of hair , eye discharge , itchy skin , abnormal hair growth . general side effects : irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , blurred vision , eye pain , itchy skin , abnormal hair texture . hair loss . increase of liver enzymes . increased skin sensitivity to sunlight . abnormal liver function . muscle pain . swelling of hands , ankles or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorders ( damage to the front layer of the eyeball ) and covers the eyeball . bacterial and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) can lead to loss of vision , small red spots on the skin . skin sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin . general disorders : irritation and inflammation of the skin . voice_disorders , dry skin , sensitivity to light , small particles or spots in your vision , irritation of the eyelid . irritation . inflammation of blood vessels . irritation in the eyelid . eyelid disorders . itchy skin . abnormal hair texture . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes . muscle pain , swelling of the face . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorders . damage to the clear layer at the front of the adrenal gland . swelling of the retina at the back of the eye . swelling of the retina at the back of the eyes . skin rash , red skin , small red bumps on the skin . general disorders : irritation and inflammation of the skin . irritation of eyelid . irritation of eyelid . irritation of the eyelid . irritation of eyelid . irritation . inflammation of the thyroid gland . general disorders : irritation , inflammation of blood vessels , abnormal liver function . muscle pain , swelling of the face . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects in the eye : corneal disorders . damage to the clear layer at the front of the adrenal gland . swelling of the retina at the back of the eye . swelling of the retina at the back of the eyes . skin rash , red skin , small red bumps on the skin . small red bumps on the skin . irritation of eyelid . irritation of eyelid . irritation . inflammation of the thyroid gland . irritation . dry skin . sensitivity to light . nail disorders . nail pain , itchy skin . abnormal hair texture . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes . muscle pain , swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , anorexia , runny nose and a hoarse voice . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including itching of the skin , itchy rash ( dermatitis ), dermatitis , hair loss , joint pain ( arthralgia ), tiredness ( pyrexia ), fever ( pyrexia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . body pain . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzymes ). other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood triglycerides ( liver enzymes ). other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood triglycerides ( fat ), increased blood creatinine levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood triglycerides ( fat ), increased blood creatinine levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood pressure . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . dehydration , cough , chest pain , shortness of breath ), nasal discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , stomach discomfort , itching rash , rash , increased blood triglycerides ( fat ), increased blood creatinine levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infections ( e . g . cough , chest pain , shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may result in copd . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) muscle problems , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , light - headedness , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or throat irritation - asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma , increased blood pressure , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , - increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , asthma
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - nausea ( nausea ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin infection ( haematoma ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( haematoma ) - a build - up of fluid in the tissues under the skin ( e . g . swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ) - pain in mouth or throat - runny or runny nose - hair loss - hair loss ( alopecia ) - swelling or a hard lump on the skin - haematoma formation - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in skin colour ( haematoma ) - muscle_aches - muscle aches , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain , back pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( increased bruising , bruising , haematoma ) - pain at the infusion site - a feeling of pain or pain in your chest - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) palpitations ( feeling sick ) dry mouth stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting feeling drowsy inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abdominal pain stomach pain , vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) headache headache joint pain 34 dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestines stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach ache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) throat irritation dizziness 34 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or weakness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , stop taking zoledronic_acid_hospira and see a doctor immediately , - if you experience fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin . - this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the veins around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms , such as arthritis , joint swelling , painful joints , and swelling in the limbs . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fainting ; - low blood pressure . - severe bone , joint and / or muscle pain , occasionally incapacitating . the following side effects have been reported . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , rash , itching . - high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will explain these to you . - low level of magnesium and potassium in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and magnesium , and / or potassium in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching or high blood pressure - shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth , low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood tests for low level of magnesium and / or potassium in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling dizzy . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): feeling dizzy , decrease in skin colour , indigestion , 29 increased blood pressure . blood tests may show increase in the number of platelets or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . sensation of your heart beat , sensation of spinning , feeling sleepy , restlessness , somnolence , fever , decrease in the number of white blood cells . platelets , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low white blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low white blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , trouble sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low white blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , trouble sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of white blood cells , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low number of blood platelets , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , visual disturbances or fear , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle weakness , weakness , feeling tired , pain or weakness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , pain , itching , rash or allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - runny nose - sudden difficulty breathing and feeling of tightness in chest with wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - mouth or throat pain - pain in the chest - feeling of tightness in chest with wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - mouth or throat pain - pain in the back and / or throat ( urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone pain - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in joints - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in joints - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in joints - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - headache , fast heart beat - cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea , abdominal cramps , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in joints - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) -
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or joints . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach and back . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood clots sometimes to the cuts . it is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or lung . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach and back . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood clots sometimes to the cuts . it is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or joints . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach and back . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood clots sometimes to the cuts . it is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or joints . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach and back . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood clots sometimes to the cuts . it is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , in the urine , in the head or in the head or joints . this may be a sign of bleeding in the stomach and back . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood clots sometimes to the cuts . it is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , muscular pain , joint pain , blood in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired - feeling weak - general feeling of being unwell - changes in your liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea , indigestion ( feeling sick ) - wind ( flatulence ) - feeling tired - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy ( infection ) - allergy - allergy ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ) - bumps on colour of the skin ( bumps ) - bumps on the skin that may affect up to 1 in 100 people - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - wind ( flatulence ) - indigestion - general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood disorders ( e . g . allergy ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , bumps or inflammation of the lining of the nose ( bumps ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in an enzyme called alkaline phosphatase - an increase in a type of white blood cell ( ast) ) shown in blood tests - increased levels of uric acid in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , tingling or muscle weakness uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling sleepy or dizzy , headache , increased muscle tension , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling dizzy or dizzy , headache increased muscle tension , change in muscle tone or tension change in sense of taste increased or abnormal muscle movements , high or low blood pressure , dry mouth , increased tear production , tingling or muscle numbness , decreased sense of touch feeling restless , abnormal ears problems with your sense of taste ( vertigo ) feeling dizzy or sleepy when standing up , nasal congestion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - if you experience a rash , peeling or peeling of the skin - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions : - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand or hand - pain in the hand - hand and needles ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand ( including hand and needles ) - swelling in the hand and feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and hand ( including hand and hand ) - swelling in the hand and arms ( oedema peripheral ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash - itching - fever - accumulation of fluid in the hand , hand and needles - muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand due to damage to the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness or peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or hand ( oedema peripheral ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash - itching - fever - accumulation of fluid in the hand , hand and needles - muscle pain , muscle weakness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . the most common side effect : bleeding or bleeding which may be associated with passing water less frequently , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary abnormalities . in addition , blood clots may lead to the complications of your bleeding . it is not known whether these events were directly to prevent . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); facial swelling ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); facial oedema ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); facial oedema ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the heart ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light swelling ); joint swelling ; blood in the urine ; inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the blood_clots ); bleeding . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness or reaction at the infusion site . stop using simbrinza and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following : cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , decreased urine output , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , generalised rash , joint swelling , back pain , generalised rash , night sweats ( frequency not known ), memory loss , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal or stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , loss of menstrual periods , inability to sleep ( insomnia ), depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid breathing , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and swelling at the infusion site . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . cough , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , decreased appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , generalised rash , joint swelling , back pain , generalised rash . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) memory loss , trouble thinking , sleep disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : cold , sinus disorder , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal or stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output , feeling of coldness or spasm , depression , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very common side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath , diarrhoea , abdominal or stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , loss of menstrual periods , ejaculation disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels in the blood , sinus disorder , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , abdominal distension , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain , pain in your arms and legs , loss of reflexes , frequent urination , mood disorder , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness or fainting . very rarely reported side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath or diarrhoea , changes in liver function , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness or fainting . very rarely reported side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath or diarrhoea , changes in liver function , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling weak , frequent urination , poor sleep quality sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness or fainting . very rarely reported side effects : sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , asthma , shortness of breath or diarrhoea , changes in mucus or spasm , indigestion , joint pain , hair loss , rash , generalised itchy rash , hair loss , decreased urine output or spasm , muscle pain , joint pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and the_skin_pale . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells or red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ; which may be associated with bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding in the spleen . these could be signs of bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or in the spleen . these may be signs of bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding in the gut . these may be signs of bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or in the spleen . these may be signs of spleen : cough , fever , difficult or wheezing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , increased spleen size , increased spleen size . some cases of splenic rupture were fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have pain , fever , difficult breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , increased spleen size . this is uncommon . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or shallow breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , or swelling of your limbs ( signs of abnormal spleen ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have cough , fever and difficult or shallow breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , or swelling of your limbs ( signs of abnormal spleen ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you experience pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems . if you have pain , fever , difficult breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , increased spleen size , increased spleen size . other possible side effects : if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you experience any of the following symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately : - fever - low counts of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). - signs of liver problems such as cough , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain , itching or fever - signs of liver problems - interstitial lung disease ( pancreatitis ) ( common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - pain , itching or fever - liver problems including interstitial lung disease ( pancreatitis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick - increase in the amount of potassium - diarrhoea - headache - abdominal pain - pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaemia - allergic reactions - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain , itching and rash ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , vertigo , low blood pressure , light - headedness , constipation , constipation , rash , red skin , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps serious allergic reactions , including : - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , severe itching of the skin , hives , swelling , itching , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( injection site pain and itching ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - vertigo ( low blood pressure ) - light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever fever difficulty breathing if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( fatigue ) fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty breathing if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea vomiting nausea fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these side effects tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty breathing if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty breathing if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects found in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever and difficulty breathing if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath or cough . abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal ( belly ) pain , abdominal pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , thinning or thickening of the skin , joint pain , 50 - decreases in white blood cells ( anaemia ), red blood cells ( anaemia ), flu - like illness , unusual hair loss , thinning , itching common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , respiratory respiratory infections , decreased respiratory tract , cough , skin infection , abnormal rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people seizures , irritability , stroke , acute allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain or tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . acute allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , allergic reactions with measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , allergic reactions with measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , bruising_under_the_skin , difficulty in breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , skin rash with measles - like measles rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like measles rash , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of inflammation of the pancreas , which may be life - threatening , allergic reactions with measles
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or blurred , dizziness or tired . these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), fever or an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . this is a very common side effect that may affect more than one in the_white_blood_cells . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly and tell your doctor if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , muscle weakness , confusion , feeling sleepy , tingling , tingling , blurred or blurred vision , dizziness or tired . these symptoms can be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , and urinary tract infections . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . a reduction in the number of a type of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) in the blood . this is a very common side effect . it may affect more than a_blood_test in a few days with jylamvo . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or spitting , a fast heart beat or shortness of breath , inflammation of the stomach , bloody stools , bloody stools , or severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , confusion , tiredness , loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired or loss of appetite feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , tired
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sore throat , sneezing , sore throat diarrhoea stomach ache or stomach upset stomach acid reflux side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine feeling of heaviness in the ear palpitations cough cough chest discomfort feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in chest pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs chest discomfort pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs high potassium levels in the blood shortness of breath cough stomach discomfort after meals stomach discomfort after meal itching_voice_alteration diarrhoea nausea flu - like frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience infections such as blisters , itching , sickness , nausea , tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat irritation , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of infections . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - nausea , - vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), tiredness or low blood pressure , which may be signs of a high level of blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue or mouth , itchy , runny or blocked nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low number of infections . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to read the alert card , to remind you and medical staff about hypersensitivity reactions . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - you may experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), tiredness , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat irritation , headache , - increase in blood pressure and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( common ). if you have angina , these symptoms and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these reactions are serious . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), tiredness or low blood pressure , which may be signs of a high level of blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue , headache , lower amount of red or red blood cells ( very common ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - infections in the blood ( sepsis ), pneumonia , shingles , cold , bronchial tube infections , fungal infections , infections of unknown origin , sinus infections , hepatitis b low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the hands and feet ( oedema ) - decreases in white blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels in the blood , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( hypersensitivity ), high blood sugar , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( hypersensitivity ), high blood sugar , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( hypersensitivity ), high blood sugar , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( hypersensitivity ), high blood sugar , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( hypersensitivity ), high blood sugar , weight loss , swelling in the face and / or legs ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) - low number of white blood cells ( hypersensitivity ) - high blood sugar level , weight loss , swelling in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : breathing difficulties : symptoms of angioedema ( which may include difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or hives ) severe skin reactions including life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking topotecan_actavis and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to angioedema . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling weak feeling tired or tired . symptoms of a low blood platelet count ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash abnormal function of the liver , increase in liver enzymes , increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bleeding under the skin caused by a decrease in the number of blood cells called platelets , weight loss , dizziness , itchy skin , hives . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling generally weak and tired ( with or without symptoms ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and increases in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the abdomen , hair loss ( alopecia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash abnormal function of the liver , increase in liver enzymes , increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bleeding under the skin caused by a decrease in the number of blood cells called platelets , weight increase , weight loss , dizziness , itchy skin , hives . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) bleeding : blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( platelets ) loss of appetite , dizziness , itchy skin rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the lung ( e . g . rash , abnormal laboratory test ) decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) weight loss , hives ( itchy rash ) hives . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling generally weak and tired ( with or without symptoms ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and increases in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the mouth , hair loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) rash abnormal results of liver function tests , which may be a sign of breakdown of muscle tissue inflammation of the liver , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessels that carry blood from the lung to the lungs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : blood clots in the lung blood vessels ( platelets ) loss of appetite , dizziness , itchy skin rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding : decrease in the number of certain white blood cells ( platelets ) weight loss , dizziness , itchy skin ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling generally weak and tired ( with or without symptoms ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and increases in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause liver problems . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) anxiety or falling asleep common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause liver problems , although the disturbance of the heartbeat you may have any of these side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) anxiety or falling asleep common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless uneven and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause liver problems . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) anxiety or falling asleep common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( cannot be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , confused , drowsy or drowsy in the hypertension ( hypertension ), hypertension ( hypertension ), tingling , burning sensation , pain in arms or legs , shortness of breath , constipation , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , vomiting , constipation , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss , increase or decrease in blood level of calcium , calcium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , or phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , constipation , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry_mouth , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , constipation , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , constipation . dizziness . nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , constipation . dizziness . nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . increased number of white blood cells , white blood cells , magnesium , potassium , magnesium , phosphate , calcium , phosphate , or phosphate . blood test . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , magnesium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , magnesium , phosphate , calcium , and phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood cells ( magnesium , calcium , magnesium , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests ). hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea . feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth . rash , dry skin , tiredness . other signs of a low level of white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . you may have early signs of infection such as death or death . ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience chest pain or tightness in your chest ( uncommon ). - if you have a cough , redness or irritation ( sores ) in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or constipation with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( sepsis ) may be signs of sepsis ( may affect up to 1 in death , 000 people ). - signs of sepsis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , caused by reduced blood flow to parts of the heart ( heart_attack_narrowing ) and blood clots in the veins of the legs . - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding . - breathing problems . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : breathing problems , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : breathing problems , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . - breathing problems : if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - breathing problems - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice signs of tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or breathing problems ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( sepsis ). this may occur rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , caused by reduced blood flow to parts of the heart , and may be associated with the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting your treatment . - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - scarring of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) - scarring , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation in the extremities - lower respiratory tract , stuffy nose and constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( sepsis ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - chest pain ; - changes in the way things taste . - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( small blood vessels ). - scarring of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - scarring of the lining of the nose and throat , which may be life - threatening , - breathing problems . - breathing problems : if you have any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tiredness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging on the surface of the skin ( cornea ), watery eyes , blurred vision , eye redness , stinging , redness of the conjunctiva , blurred vision , eye redness , stinging on the surface of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation , redness , itching , high blood pressure , tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing , asthma and asthma . severe allergic reactions the most common side effects that have been reported during general use include : phosphates in the centre of the iris ( cornea ), inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have developed been found with ganfort . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives , nettle rash , itchy or raised areas of skin and / or difficulty breathing . serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of bleeding : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area with or without nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( protein_in_your_urine ). - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , fainting , dizziness or fainting , blurred vision , rashes , burning , pain or pain in the limbs , lips , face , face or tongue or body shortness of breath . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection , blurred vision , pain due to nerve damage . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( urinary tract ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( upper vein thrombosis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a body ( urinary tract ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a vein at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site . blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump . blood clot in a vein at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased diarrhoea . urinary tract infection . blurred vision . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired blurred vision , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site . blurred vision , burning , pain or a hard lump where you have injected injection site
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in particular , patients have experienced the following serious side effects : heart failure has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking fotivda for a short time of time . symptoms include heart failure , shortness of breath , coughing , confused or difficult speech , rapid heart rate , fluid retention , bleeding in the brain or in the back of your mouth . symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , and fluid in the lungs ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in a body clot ( pulmonary embolism , symptoms ). symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart rate , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the body . symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain shortness of breath , rapid heart beat , coughing up blood , coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the veins of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to side_effect in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs and symptoms of lactic acidosis : deep , rapid breathing , drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) decreased appetite feeling very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness and tiredness ( musculoskeletal pain ) allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling thirsty ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness and tiredness ( signs of bowel problems ) allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling thirsty ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral cancer ( oral candidiasis ) signs of high level of calcium in the blood , which may cause muscle weakness , difficulty in getting or maintaining erections , or other sexual dysfunction ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): bone pain and fractures ( including bone pain and sometimes resulting in fractures ), muscle pain , muscle weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood may occur due to damage to kidney tubule cells . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , muscle pain , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain and discomfort in the arms or legs , swelling of the legs , ankles or feet ( including severe pain in the joints , arms , legs , or jaw ) seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be symptoms of a low level of potassium in the blood . abnormal blood sugar levels ( qt prolongation , electrocardiogram and ecg ). symptoms may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling , pain and / or swelling in your arms and legs . these may be signs of injury to the treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , fever , chills , severe fever , generally feeling weak , feeling tired or loss of consciousness . the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - pain and redness where the injection is given - feeling tired ( tired ) - chills - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - thrombocytopenia ( decreased number of red blood cells ) - pain and bruising - thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of red blood cells ) - pain in the upper armpit or chest - difficulty in breathing - rapid loss of consciousness - cough - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , severe chills , feeling weak or tired , - loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a bleeding , such as pain , redness , stinging or pain where the injection was given . the following side effects have been observed with ambirix : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - vaccine with vaccine that may become severe - decrease in the number of vaccine ( blood cells that help the blood to clot ) - bruising at the injection site - feeling tired , chills , fever - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - a temporary decrease in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - a temporary decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - swelling around the armpit , armpit or chest - difficulty breathing in breathing or swallowing - cough - flu - like symptoms - fever - chills - severe tiredness with feeling weak or tired ( signs of loss of consciousness ) - swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . - severe skin reactions including blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . symptoms of allergic reactions allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these may be symptoms of allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including blisters , peeling , hardness ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , pain at injection site , injection site pain , headache , sleepiness , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying - sleepiness , coughing and coughing - allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , fever , skin reactions , such as blisters or peeling at the injection site . - fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - injection site reactions : swollen glands in the neck , fingers or fingers ( feeling sweaty ), difficulty breathing ( dyspnoea ) or injection site swelling . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing . - swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of medicines the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing fever or chills back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of medicines the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and muscle swelling or pains , back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness , or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . flu - like symptoms weight gain or weight gain .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe diarrhoea with or without loss or loss of appetite . symptoms may include nausea ( being sick ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain and constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe headache ( insomnia ), chest pain or discomfort when you start taking medicine . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) gastrointestinal disorders , such as nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache ( insomnia ), high blood pressure , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation , rash ( acid reflux ), abdominal ( belly ) pain , abdominal pain , rash , feeling tired ( malaise ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , feeling unwell , high blood pressure , anxiety . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - rash - itching - pruritis - flushing - headache - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( shock ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - wheezing - difficulty breathing ( pruritis ) - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure ( shock ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( pruritis ) - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure ( shock ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( pruritis ) - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure ( shock ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure - low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure - low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure - low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and high blood pressure - low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - headache - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , itching - hives common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness - injection site reactions ( such as rash , hives , wheals ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as muscle spasms , dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting and blood clots in the blood . the chance of serious side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , drowsiness ( fatigue ), dizziness , drowsiness , nausea and vomiting . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ).  nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tingling ( paraesthesia ), drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , skin rash , hives ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . breathing difficulties : if you experience wheezing , coughing , wheezing or fever ( pneumonia ), which might be signs of pneumonia ( lung pneumonia ) other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . joint pain . fever . increased levels of liver enzymes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects contact your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): drowsiness , dizziness and paralysis of the face . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms .  kidney problems ( sometimes as hepatitis ) may be a sign of liver problems such as hepatitis and liver failure , as these may be signs of liver injury ( hepatitis ). liver injury ( hepatitis ) and liver failure ( hepatitis ) have been reported . liver disorders ( hepatitis ). liver injury ( hepatitis ). liver injury ( hepatitis ). liver injury ( hepatitis ). liver injury ( hepatitis ) and liver failure ( hypersensitivity ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach pain , unusual movement of stomach or discomfort , or pain in your arms or legs . liver problems allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) 60 other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people chills , weakness , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort in your arms and legs , muscle pain , weakness and decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood . if any of these side effects causes severe or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): difficulty breathing or hives ( urticaria ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) difficulty breathing with or without difficulty in breathing ( e . g . swelling in the hands and feet ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( urticaria ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). difficulty breathing with swelling of the face ( angioedema ) disappears . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some patients may experience a reaction at the injection site , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache , breathing difficulties , blood pressure raised , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , chest heart_attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of the infusion you may develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . the infusion may be continued after the infusion rate . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first infusion hours of the infusion you may develop : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. allergic reactions may occur during treatment with paracetamol . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure . - if you have angina , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if these reactions are serious . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience symptoms such as tiredness , itching , hives , face or tongue swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using roactemra and call your doctor straight away . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes ; increased levels of bilirubin in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) ( signs may include cellulitis , nose , mouth or upper belly ), stevens - johnson syndrome or inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin or the whites of the nose ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or peeling of the skin . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) increased liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as bleeding in the eyes or back , such as back pain , fever , breathing difficulties and blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe pain in the mouth and / or throat severe a_severe_rash or other signs of infection drop in the number of a type of white blood cell ( liver_enzymes ) shown in blood tests diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness , swelling and / or pain increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergy signs of allergy or a serious allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps of the skin , or a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , pain , diarrhoea and / or swelling increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy signs of allergy or a serious allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps of the skin , or a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and require urgent medical attention . blood tests may show an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests , such as diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy signs of allergy or a serious allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps of the skin , or a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and require urgent medical attention . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergy signs of allergy or a serious allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps of the skin , or a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and require urgent medical attention . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergy signs of allergy or a serious allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat with difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , or a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , pain or diarrhoea while being treated with fetcroja . you should tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) signs of allergy : a drop in the number of allergy in the blood , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe a_severe_rash or other signs of infection caused by a high temperature infusion site pain and pain and diarrhoea are likely to occur during the first treatment of treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , dizziness , confusion , and confusion . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been reported with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , confusion , dizziness , dizziness , nausea , back pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing up of blood , wheezing or coughing up blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) blocked nose sore throat , sneezing , cough , headache , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing up of blood , wheezing or coughing up blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) blocked nose sore throat , sneezing , cough , headache pain in arms or legs , pain in limbs uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose sudden difficulty breathing and / or feeling of tightness in the chest chest tightness , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) blocked nose sore throat , sneezing , cough , headache pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat sinus congestion , oral thrush , candidiasis ( high or low blood sugar ) muscle spasm skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as bleeding in the eyes or back , such as back pain , fever , breathing difficulties and blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) stomach pain , weight increase changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . enzymes in the muscles and muscles . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of liver problems : obese ( very common ) pain in your arms and legs ( caused by fluid build - up ), which may be a sign of an infection of the lung called interstitial lung disease ( graft versus host disease ). talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop pain in the upper left side of the muscles or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) may be the very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rarely reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits at the application site these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may advise you to take an allergic rash . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , dryness of the surface of the skin , breathing difficulties , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , depression , headache , tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in adults common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) deposits in the eye : inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), nose bleed , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( tiredness ), shivering , high blood pressure , rash , itching , hair loss ( conjunctivitis ), ringing in the ears ( conjunctivitis ), blood in the urine , chest pain . increased side effects in the eye : conjunctiva ( inflammation of the front part of the eye ), inflammation of the surface of the eye , dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness of the surface of the eye , dryness , rash , night sweats , increased sensitivity of skin to light . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with other tetracycline medicines : depression very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . other side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common : side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever are the most common side effect . in some cases the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the palms of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever are the most common side effect with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and palms ( usually of the palms of the hands and soles of the feet ). if you notice pain localised swelling and redness ( usually of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet ). cold sweat . if you have pain , swelling and redness ( especially of the palms of the hands and soles of your feet ). cold sweat . if you have pain , swelling and redness ( especially of the palms of the palms and soles of your feet ) may occur . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling most apparent in the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) change in your sense of touch or sensation in your mouth and / or throat pain , swelling or redness around the palms of the palms of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may cause the skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) pain , swelling and redness ( phlebitis ) of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : these may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , 50 muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ) rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough . these side effects can become serious . the following side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing , swelling of the face ( bronchial hyperreactivity ) ( see section " warnings and precautions " in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience a cough , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience a cough , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : lactic_acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could lead to nausea . - if you experience any of these symptoms contact a doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is uncommon ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , fever , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever , infection or inflammation . symptoms include : fever , chills , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever , infection . symptoms can include drowsiness , tiredness , sweats , chills , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , fever . your doctor may find changes in your blood enzymes levels : bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase , abnormal , abnormal liver function test . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea ( feeling tired ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) weight gain , nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you have any of these symptoms or low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you have any of these symptoms or low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you have any of these symptoms or low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you have any of these symptoms or low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you have any of these symptoms or low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . other side effects include : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience nervousness , shaking , sweating , nervousness , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of infection such as bleeding in the eyes or back , such as back pain , fever , breathing difficulties and blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( signs of upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever ( feeling tired , fever ) upper abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , fever , feeling tired , fever ( upper abdominal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , fluttering , shortness of breath , throat tightening , cough , chest pain or discomfort , diarrhoea , sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) or dizziness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or dizziness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) dizziness , fainting , 30 30 skin skin reactions , such as fluttering , wheezing or difficulty breathing , swelling or discomfort in the eyes or around the eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting ( feeling sick ), 28 dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling of the eyes , high or low blood pressure , discomfort , swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , swelling in the eyes and around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling in the eyes and around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling or discomfort in the eyes . increased blood pressure . heart : abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) irregular heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) irregular heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) in the heart ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) in the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away : skin rash , which may be accompanied by wheezing and shortness of breath , swelling of the face , eyes or throat and may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing . swelling , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , swelling in the eyes , swelling of the eyes , fluid retention , swelling in the eyes and around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , swelling of the eyes , swelling of the eyes , fluid retention , swelling around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling around the eyes , fluid retention , swelling or discomfort in the hands and eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety . uncommon : dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling of the eyes , increased heart rate , electrocardiogram , swelling in the eyes , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , a fluttering of the electrical interval of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , a fluttering of the electrical interval of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , a fluttering of the electrical interval of the heart ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate , a fluttering of the electrical interval of the heart ( electrocardiogram or qt prolongation ) rapid heart rate ( electrocardiogram )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling feeling_sleepy , dizziness and temporary loss of consciousness . chest pain . imatinib teva can cause your body to retain water ( urinary retention ). chest pain . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . severe skin reactions including intense skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) and / or seizures ( fits ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following undesirable effects have been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following undesirable effects have been reported : common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting restlessness visual impairment weight loss including decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . - allergic reactions such as rash , itching and / or itching . - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss including decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of these side effects cannot be estimated from the available data . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash - eye_redness - eye_redness - back pain - increased heart rate - eye irritation - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash - increased amount of sugar in the blood . if you get side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects listed gets severe or emadine , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended nose with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience symptoms such as confusion , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon . the most frequently reported side effects are nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), headache , fatigue . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness . at the beginning of the treatment
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you get any of the following symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : allergic reactions ( hives ) 29 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms include : pain in the chest ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the pancreas ( these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary_retention_dizziness if you get any side effects talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : - eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness with symptoms such as cough , fever ( high blood pressure ) - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - headache - dizziness - cough - stomach pain - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - blood in urine - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - chest pain - dizziness - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough - high blood pressure - inflammation of the liver rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough ( high blood pressure ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough ( high blood pressure ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the skin - itching - chest tightness - pain or discomfort in the area of the stomach ( abdomen ) - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - blood clot in blood vessels - low blood pressure - chest pain - chest pain rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the skin - itching - chest tightness or pain - discomfort or discomfort - blistering of the skin - pain or discomfort in the vagina - bowel pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) - blood clot in blood vessels - low blood pressure - chest pain - chest pain rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the skin - itching - chest tightness or pain - discomfort or discomfort in the area of the stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) blood clot in blood vessels - high blood pressure - chest pain - chest pain rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - frequent urination - cough ( high blood pressure ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the skin - itching - chest tightness or pain - discomfort or discomfort - blistering of the skin - pain or discomfort in the joints - stomach pain - frequent urination ( frequent urination ) blood clot in blood vessels - low blood pressure - chest pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , rash , swelling ( fatigue ), shortness of breath , back pain , constipation , decreased appetite , fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , changes in vision , muscle stiffness , eye pain , back pain , itchy skin , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal vision , dizziness , blurred vision , blood clots , bruising , nasal congestion . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) with symptoms such as flushing , rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , breathing or wheezing , dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . - flushing , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , - dizziness or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , - pain , wheezing , or trouble breathing , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you get any of these symptoms . - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting - dizziness , fainting or fainting , - flushing , - itching , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing , tell your doctor or pharmacist . - dizziness , fainting , fainting or fainting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick , vomiting - stomach pain - rash , hives , itching , rash , hives , face_swelling skin , wheezing , trouble breathing , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these symptoms . - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these symptoms , such as hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , - pain , wheezing , or trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these symptoms , such as hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these symptoms , such as hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing , tell your doctor or pharmacist . - dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , - pain , wheezing , or trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these symptoms , such as hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these symptoms , such as hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness or fainting , - fainting , - fainting , - itching , - hives , - hives , - face_swelling , - swelling of face , - wheezing , - trouble breathing . tell your doctor or nurse if you get any of these symptoms . - hives , skin rash , wheezing , trouble breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash ,
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 common : affects 1 to 10 users in 100 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following side effects have also been reported : common reported side effects : psychosis ( lack of appetite ), aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , confusion , double vision ; a condition in which the child is rendered abnormal behaviour ; aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , psychosis , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision ; a condition in which the muscles become twisting down of them ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ); speech disorders ; speech disorders ; eye numbness ; numbness and / or tingling in hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ); nausea ; decreased appetite ; increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling unwell ( malaise ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions that causes a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
