like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness , fatigue , metallic taste . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaemia , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and increased thirst , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , dark urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( see also " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( see also " warnings and precautions "). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( diarrhoea ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea , upset or loose liver liver tests liver problems which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems ( such as eczema , eczema ) 41 stomach pain , eczema , folliculitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ) skin reactions , folliculitis ( a type of skin cancer ) sarcoidosis ( inflammation of the mucous membranes of the affect_the_lungs called sarcoidosis ) lung problems such as sarcoidosis or liver failure , including fatal cases , liver blood tests and liver failure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects straight away : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 patients ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( interstitial lung disease ) which could be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( interstitial lung disease ) or an increase in some liver results which may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . symptoms and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is thought that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . autoimmune disorders , when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue , may also occur after you start taking medicines for hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . look out for any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as : muscle weakness weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , problems with your nerves such as pains , muscle aches , joint aches and pains , especially in the hip , knee or shoulder , and loss of movement . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( bronchitis ) ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , problems with your body ( pains in the hands or feet ), muscle weakness , and joint aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have a combination of any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , problems with your nerves such as pains , muscle aches , joint aches and pains , especially in the hip , knee or shoulder , and loss of movement . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( interstitial lung disease ) which could be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( interstitial lung disease ) or an increase in some liver results
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat and sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , hypoglycaemia , increased liver enzymes in your blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; or dry skin . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); diarrhoea ; hypoglycaemia ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ liver enzymes ; ∑ diarrhoea ∑ stomach pain ; feeling sick ( nausea ); throwing up blood ∑ abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in your blood ; rash ; itchy rash ; rash ; itchy rash . other side effects
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of pumarix are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , some may be serious and need medical attention . allergic reactions if you notice any of the following , stop taking pumarix and contact a doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - 10_people_pain ( such as bruising ) where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - flu - like symptoms such as inflammation or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the site of injection ( vasculitis ) - skin rashes - joint pain - muscle spasms rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - muscle spasms . - kidney problems . - reduced urine output . - redness and bruising of the skin ( vasculitis ), which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes ( inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes ( including joint pain , muscle cramps and muscle pain ). - kidney failure . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - muscle spasms . - kidney problems . - reduced urine output . - redness and bruising of the skin ( vasculitis ), which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes ( inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - kidney problems . - reduced urine output . - redness or bruising . - unusual bleeding or bruising ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes . - inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ). - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ). vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and difficulty in breathing . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , itching and itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor immediately . cancer and development of cancer , the risk of cancer and development of other side effects may occur . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain - passing urine - loss of hair - swelling in the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - pain in the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - loss of contact with reality ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using anoro ellipta are rare . if you notice tightness of the chest , wheezing , coughing or a high temperature it may be a sign of dizziness , headache , pain in the muscles or muscles , back or abdominal pain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low or high blood pressure urinary tract infection feeling dizzy . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) glaucoma ( a feeling of faintness or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ) fast heart rate if you notice tightness of the chest , wheezing , coughing or a hoarse voice , dizziness or headache . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , 36 36 36 36 - born , vomiting , nausea ( nausea ), skin rashes ( including joint pain , arthralgia ), bone pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in the urine , fluid retention , bruising and bruising . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , nose bleed , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , joint pain , joint pain , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain , bone pain , tiredness , muscle pain , abnormal sensations in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins , high or low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , joint pain , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , reduced blood pressure , reduced blood potassium levels . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): − joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , nose bleed , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 - tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain , bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 - up of 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the chest , feeling of tiredness , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( oedema ), vomiting , decreased appetite 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 - up of 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the chest ( angina ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , fluid retention ( nausea , vomiting ), decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), blood clot in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 - up of 36 , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the chest ( angina ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ) and muscle pain ( myalgia ), pain in
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abnormal feeling in the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people swelling of the eyelid , irritation or stiffness in the area where the penis is applied ( see section " warnings and precautions " in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in the blood ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( yellow and severe rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); 1 in very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ); jaundice ( a sore throat ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; rashes , itching ; generalised allergic reactions ( dress , which may include ulcers of the mouth , eyes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena , difficulty sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort , changes in laboratory tests : - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - muscle spasms , and loss of strength . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - cold , increased blood pressure , - difficulty in sleeping , headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort , changes in laboratory tests : - ringing in the ears , reduced sense of touch or sensation , or sensation of tingling and / or numbness in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased eye sensitivity to light , eye_disorders - ringing sound in your ears - reduced blood flow to the heart , reduced or reduced blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer causing abdominal pain or diarrhoea , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , inflammation of the lining of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , constipation , - passing wind , - passing wind , constipation , - passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - passing wind , constipation , - passing wind , - passing wind , constipation , - passing wind , - passing wind , - constipation , - passing wind , - passing wind , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - feeling or being sick , - inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - feeling or being sick , - inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - feeling or being sick , - inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , - passing wind , - loss of appetite , discomfort or increased level of creatinine in your blood , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - feeling or being sick , - inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - feeling or being sick , - inflammation or ulcer in the mouth , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , indigestion , - passing wind , - loss of appetite , discomfort or increased level of creatinine in your blood , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , - discomfort or increased level of creatinine in your blood , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , discomfort or increased level of creatinine in your blood , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , discomfort or increased level of creatinine in your blood , - vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , passing wind , - loss of appetite , discomfort
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of allergic reaction death : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rapid heart rate . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects , stop the injection and tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department at your nearest hospital . the signs may include swelling of the face , face , throat or at the injection site , hives , local rash , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is uncommon . if you experience any of the following symptoms you should seek medical advice immediately . an allergic reaction may occur . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) if you get any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . if you experience any of the following symptoms symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , local rash , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is uncommon . it is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause hives , temporary loss of consciousness . muscle and muscle pain ( fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause hives , temporary loss of consciousness . muscle and muscle pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , face , throat or at the injection site , hives , local rash , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure ( fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause hives , temporary loss of consciousness . muscle and muscle pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , face , throat or at the injection site , hives , local rash , muscle tightness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is uncommon . it is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). the signs may include swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue . hives . local rash ( which may cause swelling of the face and throat , hives , local rash , muscle tightness , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects some patients have had the following symptoms : swelling mainly of the face and face at the injection site may occur , including hives , local rash , muscle and muscle pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of an
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - serious infection , which may be life - threatening , - fever , chills , difficult or breathing problems , cough or breathing problems as these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness ) or bleeding in your eyes or gut , as these may indicate serious signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness of the skin ) or blistering of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and needles and / or peeling skin , blisters on the skin , blisters on the skin , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes or small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the body . these skin reactions can be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . it is important to contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or loss of appetite - these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling , blood or protein in your urine , cough or loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - your_body , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of an infection such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - a reaction at the site of the application ( cataract ) - loss of consciousness - swelling of the arms and legs ( oedema ) - changes in vision - changes in the sense of taste - blurred vision - clouding of the eye ( cataract ) - abnormal blood test result for pancreas function ( urinary tract infection ) - abnormal blood test result for liver function ( see section 2 ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - blood clots in the veins , vein or lungs , problems with wound healing or blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - melanoma ( low blood pressure , which may make you feel pale or bleeding ) - red blood cells ( anaemia ) - bleeding under the skin - bleeding under the skin or bleeding under the skin - bleeding gums -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : the most common side effects seen with this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , dry mouth , headache , decreased appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint inflammation ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). during the marketing of rasagiline_mylan , the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : changes in mood , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , painful joints , incontinence ( numbness or tingling sensation ) in the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) during or shortly after administration of rasagiline_mylan . abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , painful joints , incontinence ( numbness or tingling sensation ) in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage in the jaw ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : changes in mood , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs or joints , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( potential signs of peripheral neuropathy ), poor appetite , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) the following adverse reactions have been reported with this medicine . increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had a sudden decrease in kidney function , increased liver enzymes in the blood , abnormal liver function test , constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs or joints , numbness or muscle weakness . in addition , the following symptoms of parkinson ' s disease were ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( potential signs of a condition called " neuropathy " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your small blood vessels , abnormal liver function tests , constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , painful urination , incontinence ( numbness or tingling sensation ) in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage in the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) or other effects that may occur with this medicine : abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , headache , runny nose , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage . during the marketing of parkinson ' s disease , the following events have been reported : abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of hulio . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic reaction with symptoms such as a rash , fever , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clot , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - signs of skin_cancer such as blood in your urine , scarring of your urine , - unusual bruising , - bruising , - bleeding or paleness the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - allergic reaction - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring , ringing in the ears - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( symptoms include : - itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or sudden drop in blood pressure ) - fast heart beat - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems - scarring of the liver - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or paralysis of the face - the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - allergic reactions - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring , ringing in the ears - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( symptoms include : - itching , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or inability to control or maintain an erection ) - dizziness or paralysis of the muscles - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood tests showing abnormal liver function tests , blood in urine - inflammation of small blood vessels , often with symptoms such as rash , purplish - red spots , swallowing or swallowing , as well as dizziness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - allergic reactions - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring , ringing in the ears - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as itching , trouble breathing , swallowing , dizziness or paralysis of the face - the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - abdominal ( belly ) pain - nausea and vomiting - allergic reactions - nausea ( vomiting ) - allergic reactions - hair loss - eczema - increased sweating - night sweats - muscle spasms - blood in urine - abnormal liver function tests - kidney problems including scarring , ringing in the ears - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as itching , trouble breathing , swallowing , dizziness or paralysis of the face - the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , chest pain , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , bloating , constipation , constipation , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches or spasms , abnormal skin sensations like high or low blood sugar , sugar , sugar , sodium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , potassium , potassium , potassium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , potassium , potassium , flatulence , flatulence , dry mouth , dizziness , headache , increased heart rate , nose bleeds , acid reflux , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux or gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or heart_problems , which may be a sign of heart problems or heart problems before taking treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , tired , chest pain or discomfort , shortness of breath , or flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort which may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired or tired - shortness of breath - weight loss 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood ( which can cause symptoms of liver problems ) - skin rash - blood tests may show : - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , the following reactions have been reported during general use of axumin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): pain and rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - abnormal heart rhythm - feeling jittery - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - upset stomach - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itching - pain in the extremities - hair loss ( alopecia ) - redness and swelling of the skin - hair loss - swelling of the face - feeling unwell - swelling - flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , swelling of the hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - swelling of the extremities - pain , feeling unwell , swelling , flu - like symptoms - swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain in extremity - back pain - frequent urination - back pain - pain - feeling unwell - swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , swelling , pain in extremity - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in heart rate or behaviour - tremor - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - feeling abnormal - abnormal heart rhythm - high or low blood pressure - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - upset stomach - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itching - pain in extremity - hair loss - rash - feeling generally unwell - muscle spasms - pain_in_extremity pain - swelling of the extremities - feeling unwell - swelling - flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , swelling and pain_in_extremity - back pain - frequent urination - back pain - pain in extremity - feeling unwell - swelling - flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , swelling , pain in extremity - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back_pain - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back_pain - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in heart rate or behaviour - tremor - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - feeling abnormal - abnormal heart rhythm - high or low blood pressure - stuffy nose - upset stomach - abnormal liver function tests - inflammation of the lining of the large part of the eye - itching - feeling generally unwell - muscle spasms - pain_in_extremity pain - swelling of the extremities - feeling unwell - swelling - flu - like symptoms - muscle spasms - pain_in_extremity pain - swelling of the extremities - feeling unwell - swelling - flu - like symptoms , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity , swelling and / or pain in extremity - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - swelling of the extremities - pain - feeling unwell - swelling , flu - like symptoms , swelling and / or pain in extremity - back pain - frequent urination - frequent urination - weight loss - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery - swelling in hands and feet - back pain - frequent urination - difficulty sleeping - nervousness - tremor - feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . 75 a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat feeling hungry , headache , change in vision change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or infection of the large intestine ( signs may include irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ) back pain passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , stomach discomfort , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss or thinning , weakness , pain , chest tightness , and / or feeling weak , depression , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning burning , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning , dizziness , dizziness . - blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , numbness , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , numbness , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or burning , dizziness , dizziness . - blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , numbness , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , pricking or burning , dizziness , dizziness . - blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , numbness , burning , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , pricking or burning , dizziness , dizziness . - blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , numbness , burning , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , burning , burning , dizziness , dizziness , sensation of tingling , pricking , burning ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - acne - pain - pain in your discomfort or discomfort - redness of the skin - burning sensation when passing urine uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( abnormal or slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ) - acne - skin rash ( urticaria ) - acne - skin pain - skin skin_redness hair loss - acne - skin discolouration - skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( abnormal heart rate ) - bradycardia ( abnormal or slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ) - acne - skin rash ( urticaria ) - acne - skin pain - skin skin_redness hair loss - acne - skin discolouration - skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( abnormal or slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ) - acne - skin rash ( urticaria ) - acne - skin skin skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( abnormal or slow heart rate ) - bradycardia ( swelling of the face and / or throat ) - acne - skin rash ( urticaria ) - acne - skin skin skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( slow heart rate ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - inflammation of the gullet ( colitis ) - acne - skin pain ( urticaria ) - acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin discolouration , skin redness , acne - skin pain , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the eye ( bradycardia ) - bradycardia ( abnormal heart rate ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of mvasi are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking mvasi and seek medical help immediately : allergic reactions : the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or a rash , fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , and tiredness . these side effects can become severe . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : reduced number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ), which may reduce the ability of blood to clot , feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , headaches , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . severe side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach pain . stomach ( gut ) pain , stomach or gut infection , including herpes zoster infection in the stomach or gut ( including tooth disorder ) difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( potential signs of lung problems ) chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the legs or legs ) which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins of the lungs , chest pain or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach ( stomach ) pain , stomach or gut infection , including inflammation of the gut or mouth , damage to the tissues of the gut , which may be accompanied by a high temperature , heart failure and difficulty breathing . chest pain , shortness of breath high or low blood pressure , chest pain ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) chest pain or difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) chest pain difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of the following : chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the lungs ) chest pain or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain or stomach pain . stomach ( gut ) pain , stomach or gut infection , including inflammation of the gut or mouth , damage to the tissues of the gut , which may be accompanied by a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets in the blood , which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot , feeling weak , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , sores feeling , sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness . these side effects usually occur with the first intravenous and are usually temporary . severe side effects , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) white blood cells called cells that help the blood to clot ( cells that help the blood to clot ) which may reduce your ability of your blood to clot , feeling weak and having no energy , tiredness , headaches , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite and tiredness . other side effects with this medicine include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - stomach ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( gut ) pain - inflammation of the gut and food pipe - infection of the veins in the gut - problems with wound healing - heart failure - difficulty breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . symptoms may include cough , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which might be fatal . - a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - low levels of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - symptoms of a condition called blood poisoning , which may make you feel cramping_pain , which may make you feel light - headed or light - headed ( which may be symptoms of a condition called which may be a sign of a serious condition called " pulmonary embolism syndrome ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - abnormal blood test results ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - symptoms of a condition called blood poisoning , which may make you feel cramping_pain , which may make you feel light - headed or light - headed ( which may lead to infections ) - your doctor may tell you to stop using tecartus . - your doctor will tell you how to treat this . - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent bleeding , shortness of breath , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , or light - headedness - blood clots in a deep vein or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - abnormal blood test results ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - bronchial symptoms - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms are : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections of the lung ( symptoms include : - fever , chills , rapid breathing , infections ) - symptoms of a condition called blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include fever , chills or breathing problems ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - abnormal blood test results ( diarrhoea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - bronchial symptoms - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms are : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections of the lung ( symptoms include : - fever , chills , rapid breathing , infections ) - symptoms of a condition called blood clots in the veins especially in the skull ( symptoms include fever , chills or breathing problems ). if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - abnormal blood test results showing diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of platelets in the blood - nerve damage - breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - bronchial symptoms - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms include : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections of the lung ( symptoms include : - fever , chills or rapid breathing ) - infections of the blood vessels in the skull ( signs include fever , chills and rapid breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , including hives and itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching , generalised itching , high blood pressure , dialysis ( flatulence ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching , generalised itching , high blood sugar , dialysis , joint swelling , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching , hives ( elevated patches of urine ) and kidney impairment dialysis ( see section dialysis ) joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching , hives ( elevated patches of urine , kidney impairment ) and kidney impairment ( dialysis ) joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : swelling of the hands or feet some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache 64 rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 people stomach pain , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching , hives ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often itch ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in reduced_number_of_platelets_frequency people ): increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching rare : reduced number of platelets frequency not known : kidney problems ( sometimes requiring dialysis ), joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : very common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( may affect more than an_injection_of_glucagon in 10 people ). if this happens you must stop taking fluids and talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing feeling weak or having sweating , nausea , vomiting , increased body temperature , feeling your heart beating fast , sweating , nausea and vomiting . these may be signs of a very rare condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a cough , fever and blistering of the skin , as this may be a sign of stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a cough , itching and blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis : if you experience a cough , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people : - headache - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection - cough - abdominal pain - nausea - increase in bilirubin ( shown in blood tests ) - redness and rash - pain in an increase of bilirubin ( enzymes produced by the liver ) - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in bilirubin ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - blocked or blocked nose - blocked or blocked nose - blocked or blocked nose - ear pain - pain - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes - liver function tests abnormal - rash - redness and / or pain in an area of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or ear inflammation ) - ear inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding , bruising , bleeding , and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), or low number of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ). pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness or feeling very tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity reactions ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) reactions : difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , pale skin , fast heart beat , dizziness or feeling dizzy , nausea or diarrhoea , decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of these symptoms , heart attack , fast heart beat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , or irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , heart attack , irregular heartbeat and heart attack , fast heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation , vomiting , diarrhoea , inflammation of the throat , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , rash , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , rash , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and excitement ( symptoms of heart problems ) feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , fever , sweating , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , rash , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , or atrial fibrillation , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , swollen stomach , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , rash , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , swollen stomach , fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , shivering , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your red , as well as an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , pain , swelling , redness , swelling , and irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain , pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ) - 37 - irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or irritation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - pain , vomiting - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 37 - irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation at the site of injection . - reactions at the injection site ( such as injection site swelling , redness , swelling and irritation ) may occur . - injection site reactions ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your blood_clotting with or without diarrhoea , as well as blood in the stools . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : allergic reactions : get a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe rash , red or purple spots on the skin , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , rash , fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , lips , tongue or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression and depression . inflammation of the brain ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - swelling of the face , lips or eyes - rash - fever - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips or eyes - swelling of the face , lips , eyes or eyes - agitation - confusion - depression - depression - serious inflammation of the eye ( e . g . ulcer in the mouth and eyes ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ) - if you have high blood pressure or if you notice any of the following , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions : - swelling of the face , lips or throat - rash - fever - chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - breathing difficulties - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( such as eye swelling , swelling or subcutaneous_tissue ) in the affected area of the subcutaneous_tissue ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you experience a cough , fever and chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the eye ( such as eye swelling , eye swelling , swelling or subcutaneous_tissue ) in the affected area of the subcutaneous_tissue ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you experience a cough , fever and chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( such as eye swelling , swelling or subcutaneous_tissue ) in the affected area of the subcutaneous_tissue ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you experience blood clots in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - if you notice any of the following , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following serious side effects , you may need urgent medical attention : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - itchy eyes - rash - fever - chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - breathing difficulties - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled mass of the skin ) - agitation - confusion - depression - inflammation of the eye ( uveitis ) - abnormal sensation in the eye ( such as eye swelling , swelling or subcutaneous_tissue ) in the affected area of the eye ( macular oedema ) - a blood clot in a blood vessel wall ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ) - high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic like reactions , including intense swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ) - rash - chills - chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - breathing difficulties - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( such as visual attack , swelling of the retina ) - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ) - high blood pressure in the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itchy or purple spots under the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - red , scaly patches on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps - rash - fever - chills - swelling of the face , lips , lips or eyes - breathing difficulties - agitation - confusion - depression - severe inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , pain , swelling where the injection is given - itching at the injection site . these side effects may occur with the following frequencies : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , pain and swelling where the injection is given - itching at the injection site . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - warmth , warmth and pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given by your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zeposia . allergic reaction the signs may include : a swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , as this may be a sign of blurred ( see section 2 ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , drop in blood pressure and breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) immediate breathing difficulties if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) signs of a serious infection of the lung : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . pain in the mouth and throat ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . mouth ulcers ) back pain and constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heartbeat ( fractures ) breast enlargement in men 37 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects 37 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to anaphylaxis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , anaphylaxis ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , anaphylaxis ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ), flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis ) flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , anaphylaxis ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - shown in tests - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - stomach pain or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - stomach pain or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - stomach pain or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - an increase in the amount of liver enzymes - an increase in the bilirubin ( an enzyme produced by the kidneys ) - stomach pain or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , itching - itching - bruising - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following pain_in_limb , in rare cases ( hypersensitivity ), swollen face , swollen tongue , swollen tongue and throat ( angioedema ), itchiness , hives , runny nose , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , snoring , skin rash and irritation in the mouth , eyes , eyes or mouth . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ). jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular rapid blood pressure − decreased appetite ; headache ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; abdominal pain ; cramps or weakness ; fatigue ; sweating ; muscle muscle_stiffness and pain ; if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : if you notice any of the following , you or the child may need urgent medical attention . if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . some patients have had a decrease in the numbers of fat and legs in your legs . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing or a severe allergic reaction ) chest pain and / or chest pain which could be a sign of allergic reactions ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) has been reported with prednisolone use of this medicine ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). severe infections ( sepsis ) have been reported with prednisolone use of zytiga , but it is not known how often they happen is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you are taking this medicine for a long time , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : signs of liver problems such as shingles or inflammations , bleeding , unusual muscle disease , tremor , neuropathy , visual disturbances or stroke , changes in vision , buzzing , sensation of tingling and / or tightness in the chest ( signs of nervous system problems such as : buzzing or hearing things that are not there ), buzzing , temporary loss of consciousness , which may be signs of heart problems : a fast heart beat ( signs of inflammation of the lung ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain , yellowing of your skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine , yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes and dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , call your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you experience shortness of breath or if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skin with or without difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( angioedema ), facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( angioedema ), facial oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine or purple coloured urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( angioedema ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( angioedema ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), or kidney problems which causes yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , night sweats , scar yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), breakdown of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after infusion . if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis low number of white blood cells , bronchitis , white blood cells and platelets possible signs are serious or life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . redness , often associated with blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . other side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills , serious infections , which may be life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms : chills or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) if you have stomatitis , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet fever : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 or virus : if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood test : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and / or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood test : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and / or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood test : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and / or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . mouth and lips ), in particular if you had before light sensitivity , bronchitis ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood test : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose , mouth or genitals that may be preceded by bronchitis and / or fever . dpd deficiency : if you have a blood clot , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you notice any of the above , or if you experience partial loss of vision , this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pres ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , ulceration or blistering of the skin , especially around the mouth , nose , lips or lips ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) o if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or other lesions begin to appear in the mucous membrane ( e . g . bronchitis ) and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling dizzy or dizzy when you are not there . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms during your treatment with silodosin_recordati : dizziness and fainting . complications ( may affect up to a_cataract_surgery in 10 people ): if you feel weak or dizzy , you may be more likely to experience complications during a cataract surgery . complications can be a sign of complications ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , difficulty in speaking , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low red blood cell count , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , decreased number of red blood cells ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low red blood cell count , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , decreased blood pressure , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction with shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) with symptoms such as low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , chills , hives and allergic reactions . symptoms of low blood sugar may include : dizziness , wheezing , low blood pressure , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . in clinical studies , these events are more likely to occur at the first few weeks of treatment . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled fever , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - severe dizziness , - severe dizziness , - confusion , - seizures , - vomiting , - abdominal pain , - difficulty in breathing , - severe headache , - nausea , vomiting , - abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , severe headache , headache , collection of fluid under the skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - severe allergic reactions . - symptoms include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced white blood cells - reduction in the number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - fever , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which help to fight against infection ) - reduction in the number of blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all blood cells ( cells that help blood to clot ) - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - nausea , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain and discomfort . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which help to fight against infection ) - reduction in blood cells , which increases risk of infection or stress of the blood cells - reduction in the number of all types of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - decreased number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - dizziness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , and discomfort . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduced number of platelets in your blood . - reduction in blood cells , which increases risk of bleeding or infection . - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes and hives tell your doctor immediately if you experience serious allergic reactions including difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure and low blood pressure , which may be a sign of low blood pressure . high blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , 75 , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , reflux and blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , blood in urine , prolonged erection , problems with your balance such as fast or slow heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), hives or itchy rash ( including stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ), or hives , itchy skin , or blistering ( exfoliative dermatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red red welts on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red red welts on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red or purple spots on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red or purple spots on the skin ), hives , itching of the skin , blisters on the skin . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red red welts on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives , itchy rash ( hives ), red or purple spots on the skin , hives ( itchy red welts on the skin ), hives , raised itchy bumps on the skin . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red red welts on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) or fainting , seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , hives ( red spots on the skin ), hives , itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) fainting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating and anaphylactic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash ( itchy rash ) rash 31 stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( loose stools ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash ( rash ), visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , coma , visual disturbances , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , abnormal liver function tests , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , coma ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - fatigue - headache - being short of breath - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - frequent stomach or gut pain - pain in arms or legs - back pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding - increased blood levels of haematoma ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the nose and gut - nose or throat - peeling of the skin - itching - raised red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems - joint pain - joint pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding - increased blood levels of haematoma ( a type of white blood cell ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the nose and gut - nose or throat - peeling of the skin - itching - raised red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems - joint pain - joint pain - tiredness - fatigue - shivering - bruising - abnormal blood test results ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the nose and gut - nose or throat - peeling of the skin - itching - raised red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems - joint pain - joint pain - tiredness - fatigue - shivering - bruising - abnormal blood test results ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the stomach and / or the gut - infection of the stomach and / or gut , which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( hand and foot syndrome ) - pain , fever and shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems including joint pain , and / or pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems including joint pain , and pain - reduced function of the kidneys - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - heartbeat - shaking ( difficulty sleeping ) - tumour lysis syndrome - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding in the digestive tract ) - heartbeat - shaking ( difficulty sleeping ) - tumour lysis syndrome - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the gullet ( oesophagus ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( diverticulitis ) - bleeding in the gut ( uterine haemorrhage ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding in the digestive tract ) - heartbeat - shaking ( difficulty moving ) - kidney failure - feeling generally unwell - injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the mouth , tongue or gums ( peripheral oedema ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the sinuses ( pneumonia ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the stomach and / or gut , which may be severe and may be life - threatening (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling sensation , stinging and stinging in your mouth and / or hands . change in the colour of the iris . runny or blocked nose . runny or abdominal pain . abdominal pain . diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , difficulty with passing urine . dry skin , itching , generalised itchy rash . swelling of hands , ankles or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : allergy ( very common ), heart attack , congestive heart failure , blood clots in the veins of the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , thirst , stroke , visual disturbances , decreased heart rate , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests . itching , generalised swelling around the eye . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : allergy , iris_inflammation , heart attack , irregular heart rate , blood clots in the veins of the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal sense of smell , abnormal liver function . itching , generalised swelling around the eye , eyelid irritation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : allergy , viral infection , heart attack , congestive heart failure , blood clots in the veins of the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , decreased heart rate , heart attack , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal turning outward of the body , increased liver enzymes in the blood , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased frequency of urination , abnormal liver function tests , increased bilirubin in the blood , damage to the liver . skin rash , redness of the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , blurred vision , increased eye sensitivity to light , eye irritation , eyelid irritation , sensitivity to light , abnormal liver function , hair loss , sensitivity to light . abnormal liver function . hair loss , sensitivity to light . changes in the way things taste . eye irritation , sensitivity to light . changes in the way things taste . eye irritation , sensitivity to light . changes in the way things taste . eye inflammation . sensitivity to light . nail disorders . sensitivity to light . nail disorders . sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light . sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light . sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight . facial swelling , sensitivity to light . swelling of the eyelid . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling sensation , stinging or stinging in the mouth , or in the mouth , and / or a medicine of the iris . runny or stuffy nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle and / or muscle ache , difficulty with passing urine , skin redness , itching , generalised itchy rash on the skin , increased sweating . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : allergy , serious allergic reactions , heart attack , irregular heart rate , blood clots in the veins of the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function , increased blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects : allergy , iris_inflammation , heart attack , irregular heart rate , blood clots in the veins of the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , congestive heart rate , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , blurred vision
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) dehydration common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) change in the levels of liver enzymes in the blood rash , itchy skin , chest pain swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) feeling dizzy malaise ( malaise ), visual disturbances muscle cramp , muscle spasm , abnormal hair growth , hair loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction allergic reaction with rash and itchy rash , chest pain swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), malaise , visual disturbances , muscle spasm , abnormal hair growth , malaise , visual disturbances , muscle twitching , feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , chest pain , chest pain , chest discomfort , urinary tract infection , high level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood an increase in the level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood an increase in the level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , flatulence ( wind ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain , pain or discomfort in the chest ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling in the hands and feet , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , high or low blood sugar levels in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood unusual increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of uric acid in the blood , low level of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in laboratory tests ) in the blood , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , flatulence ( wind ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , pain or swelling in the legs or arms , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain abnormal laboratory test results for kidney function , increase in blood creatinine , increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine renal clearance ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of indigestion this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be a sign of a low level of blood potassium in the blood ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your blood pressure could become high for a short period of time . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness light - headedness ( fainting ) these may be signs of a low blood pressure in the blood vessels in your copd ( copd ) which can cause cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle spasm , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased blood pressure , dry mouth , fainting , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . this could be a sign of a low level of potassium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat tightness , cough , shortness of breath or wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . this could be a sign of a low level of potassium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat tightness , cough , shortness of breath or wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness and / or a high temperature . this could be a sign of a low level of potassium in the blood . this is uncommon . it is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation , mouth discomfort , dry mouth , tiredness or a decrease in blood pressure . this could be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , throat tightness , cough , shortness of breath or wheezing , throat irritation , tiredness , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle_stiffness , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth , fainting , dry mouth or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor if you experience shortness of breath or wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , dizziness , decreased level of consciousness , dry mouth , muscle stiffness , cough , fever , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , throat irritation or mouth , dry mouth , tiredness or a decrease in blood pressure . this could be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( sleepiness ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - reflux of stomach juices to the gut , vomiting , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching - raised itchy bumps on the body ( urticaria ) - hair loss , muscle aches , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , or weakness - chills , shivering , shivering or bleeding ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding , this may be signs of a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - dizziness - asthenia ( asthenia ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle aches , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - pain , chills , shivering - shivering - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - increased appetite - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bleeding under the skin ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a serious infection called bacteria that may be accompanied by anaemia - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - dizziness - asthenia ( asthenia ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - pneumonia ( infection of the airways ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle aches , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - pain , chills , shivering - shivering - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - increased appetite - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bleeding under the skin ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a serious infection called bacteria which may be accompanied by anaemia - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - dizziness - asthenia ( asthenia ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - pneumonia ( infection of the airways ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle aches , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - pain , chills , shivering , shivering - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - increased appetite - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bleeding under the skin ( thrombocytopenia ) - increased level of liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - an infection of the blood ( sepsis ) - anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness - weakness - dizziness - asthenia ( asthenia ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - pneumonia ( infection of the airways ) - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - raised itchy bumps ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle cramps , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - pain , chills , shivering , shivering - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - increased appetite - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or bleeding under the skin ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain pain in the abdomen feeling of pressure or " spinning " ( acid reflux ) headache dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness , 34 - oesophageal reflux disease ) joint pain palpitations 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain indigestion ( dyspepsia ) difficulty passing stools stomach pain haemorrhoids ( difficulty sleeping ) headache dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness ) 34 increased sweating muscle pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain difficulty in swallowing low level of sugar in the blood 34 dizziness , dizziness headache palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain palpitations ( dizziness 34 - up of fluid in the abdomen ) abnormal dreams joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , abdominal pain excessive gas in the stomach or intestine stomach pain ( reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chest pain , swelling of the face , face or throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - a kidney function disorder called fanconi syndrome ( will normally be determined by your doctor with certain urine tests ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , pain , stiffness or stiffness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , such symptoms , - tiredness , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , such symptoms , - tiredness , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , face and throat . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): - what you need to know before you are taking this medicine . - if you experience sudden breathlessness , numbness or tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - headache and fatigue . - a reaction to the infusion may be signs of gastrointestinal disorders , such as nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . - low level of white blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or fatigue ( usually with a history of seizures ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache and fatigue . - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , such symptoms , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of a low white blood cell count ( platelets ) seen in blood tests - bleeding - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets - muscle weakness - an allergic reaction - weakness , stomach problems including nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , stomach_discomfort - stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , nausea , - stomach discomfort , stomach pain , nausea , - pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low level of all blood cells , red blood cells and platelets , which may make you more prone to bleeding - difficulty breathing or swallowing , sensation of fear , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , changes in sense of taste - hearing impairment , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach pain , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29 - indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , 29
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - candidiasis ( which may be a symptom of your heart beat ) - pain in the back of the mouth and / or throat ( including pain and frequent urination ) - urinary tract infection - headache - fast heart beat - cough - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - musculoskeletal_pain ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty in breathing - painful or runny nose - hoarseness - cough - fever - diarrhoea - abdominal ( belly ) pain - hoarseness ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - itching - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the lips , tongue , tongue or throat - coughing with wheezing or breathing difficulties - pain in the chest ( angina pectoris ) - pain in passing urine ( dysuria ) - pain in passing urine ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common ( may affect up to anxiety in 10 people ): anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion ( flatulence ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people : anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , swollen abdomen , flatulence ( wind ), feeling tired , low blood levels of some enzymes in your blood . wind ( feeling tired ), bone pain , muscle weakness , inability to obtain an erection , erectile dysfunction , erectile dysfunction , breast pain , urinary retention ( problems with your bowel function ) pancreatitis , inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , liver problems , which causes severe pain in the upper right abdomen ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), lupus - like syndrome ; pancreatitis ; enlarged liver ; pancreatitis ; liver failure ; inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin ; pale skin ; dark coloured urine ; kidney problems ; yellow skin , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin ; pale skin ; dark coloured urine ; kidney failure ; yellow skin or skin ( jaundice ), lupus - like syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine ; pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine ; pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes ; dark coloured urine ; pancreatitis ; liver failure ; hepatitis ; severe skin disease ( e . g . severe skin disease ) not known ( pancreatitis ); abnormal liver function tests ; liver failure ; inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ); inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ); yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ); abnormal thickening of the skin ( jaundice ); yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) o abnormal liver function tests ; kidney failure ; acute hepatitis ; inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ); yellowing of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy on standing up ( feeling sleepy or sleepy ) - fast muscle contractions - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - fast muscle contractions ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased sense of touch - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased urine production - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating - 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , difficulty in sleeping , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - excessive sweating 37 - feeling anxious - ringing in your ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the muscle ; tingling or excessive sweating - 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - feeling confused or feeling anxious ; - ringing in your ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 37 - decreased or increased sexual drive ; - feeling confused ; - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - feeling anxious ; - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or increased sexual desire ; - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 37 - decreased or increased sexual drive ; - feeling confused ; - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - feeling anxious ; - ringing in your ears - tingling or numbness of the hands or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - fever , chills , swelling of limbs , face or lips , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , muscle weakness or pain , itching , redness , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with rash , skin rash or fever . - severe skin reactions ( frequency not known ) - kidney problems including muscle pain , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand ( potential signs of kidney problems ). - if you experience kidney injury ( common ) - swelling of the face , lips , hand and / or hand of the hand - this may be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - frequent stomach pain - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness and fever - diarrhoea - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests - rash - peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( see above ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , peeling skin , or fever ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , peeling skin , or fever ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , peeling skin , or fever ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , or fever ) - acute pancreatitis ( frequency not known ) - kidney problems including which may result in muscle weakness , swelling of the face , hand and around the hand ( hand - foot syndrome ) - blood clots ( frequency not known ) other side effects are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - frequent stomach pain - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness and fever - diarrhoea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests - rash - peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( see above ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , peeling skin , or fever ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , peeling skin , or fever ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills and sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice , severe abdominal pain , back pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough , generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth or throat , ear pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough , generalised allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , fainting or breathing difficulties , cough and generalised swelling of the skin . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the skin ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , muscle pain or spasm , back pain , joint pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty in getting or urinating , loss of memory , difficulty in walking . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , reflux of stomach , intestinal or intestine pain , pain , itching , generalised itchy rash , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent or frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , feeling unwell , weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach pain , diarrhoea , intestinal disorder , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain and itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling of menstrual discomfort , feeling of heaviness in your chest , loss of taste , weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach ache , diarrhoea , intestinal reflux disorder , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain and itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent or frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , feeling unwell , difficulty in walking . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty in swallowing , inflammation of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain and itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling of menstrual discomfort , feeling of heaviness in your chest , feeling of weakness or feeling unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , reflux of stomach discomfort , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease , reflux of stomach juices , pain of the extremities , itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the extremities , feeling of menstrual discomfort , feeling unwell . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , runny nose , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , enlarged liver , decreased urine output , increased sweating , swelling of arms or legs , itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in extremity , frequent or frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , feeling unwell , acne uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) o palpitations , irregular heart rate , increased blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , intestinal disorder , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with pain and itching , generalised itching , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , back pain , pain in the extremities , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , feeling of heaviness , loss of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : - a combination of blood in your urine , - weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . these may be signs of bleeding , or bleeding . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain , and during your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . - your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood cell counts regularly . - reduced number of red blood cells ( neutrophils ) - neutropenia ( a type of white blood cell ) - known as neutrophils ( neutropenia ), - a decrease in the number of bleeding in your blood , which may make you be more prone to bruising , or to bleeding without obvious injury ( e . g ., neutrophils , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ) ( anaphylaxis ), skin skin_rash and changes in spleen size . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - pain in the upper left side of the abdomen or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - cough , vomiting and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be reduced by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you have any of these symptoms : diarrhoea , feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . your doctor will give you a medicine and will explain the reaction , your doctor or nurse will give you how to give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . your doctor will give you a medicine and will explain the dose and give your treatment with your_bone_marrow_transfusion . - reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( known as neutrophils ) - neutropenia ( a type of white blood cell ) - known as neutrophils ( neutropenia ) - a decrease in the number of bleeding or bruising - this occurs rarely if you have an infection , which may make you feel faint , chills , or loss of appetite . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . - diarrhoea : feeling sick , fatigue , bruising , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether your symptoms will be reduced . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your bone pain . - reduced number of white cells in your blood ( e . g . neutrophils and neutropenia ) - low number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutropenia , or a fever ). - an infection with a fever , a tendency to develop a rash , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), skin_rash or dark - coloured urine , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutropenia , or a fever ). - an infection with a fever , a tendency to develop a rash , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), skin_rash or dark - coloured urine , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood counts and liver enzymes regularly to detect and manage these events . - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutropenia , or a fever ). - an infection with a fever , a tendency to develop a rash , chills , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the abdomen ( anaphylaxis ), skin_rash or dark - coloured urine , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood cell counts regularly . - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutropenia , and a fever ). - a reaction to the infusion or a rash that may be accompanied by a high temperature
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( seen uncommonly , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ), as these may indicate problems of blood tests ( see also section 2 ). - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( see section " warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( pancreatitis ) has been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sleepiness ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - a change in the way things taste - tiredness - numbness and pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - increased levels of a liver enzyme ( pancreatitis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infections - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - pancreatitis - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness ( feeling of faintness ) vertigo ( low blood pressure ) injection site reactions ( including bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( pyrexia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being sick ( vomiting ) 18 years of age not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being sick ( vomiting ) 18 years of age or older ( more than 18 days of treatment ) fever nausea ( feeling sick ) 18 ( being sick ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) 18 ( fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) 18 ( fever ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( abdominal pain ), constipation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , rash , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , thinning , vomiting , itching , dry skin , dry skin , rash , itching ( 50 itching ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen abdomen , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , itching ( pruritus ), flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - heartburn , unusual hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching , itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , - upper respiratory tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , - ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - skin redness , itching - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , - abdominal pain , - ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , - upper respiratory tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , - ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin , itching - dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching , dry skin , itching - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , joint pain , - upper respiratory tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , - ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - skin redness , itching - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , - abdominal pain , - ringing in the ears , heartburn , diarrhoea - excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - itching ( pruritus ), flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , skin reactions , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , swollen lymph glands , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , skin reddening , swelling , pain , redness , swelling , pain or tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or groin , damage to damage to the sun in your body , or damage to blood vessels , causing breathing problems , inflammation of the lung ( agranulocytosis ), methotrexate injury ( very common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , sleep problems , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness . low blood pressure ( hypertension ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and agranulocytosis ) sometimes with methotrexate treatment ( e . g . fever , sore throat ), nose bleeds ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). shingles , which may be a sign of sore throat or nose bleeds . common ( may affect up to anaemia) in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , fluid retention , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness of a low blood pressure ( anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ). vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy , feeling weak , tired or weak ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , tiredness , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( known as agranulocytosis ) some patients have had fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( known as agranulocytosis ) methotrexate can sometimes cause liver problems such as liver or liver problems , acne , sometimes with methotrexate treatment ( e . g . acne , hair loss , decreased muscles sensation , muscles , tingling , numbness or numbness ). this is known as a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . inflammation of the pancreas ( agranulocytosis ) have been reported with methotrexate use . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes ( agranulocytosis ). methotrexate is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , fluid retention , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness of a low blood pressure ( anaemia ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and agranulocytosis ) sometimes with methotrexate treatment , e . g . fever , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( known as agranulocytosis ) some patients have had liver problems such as liver or liver problems , such as acne and hair loss . change in the way things taste . change in the way things taste . numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness . low blood pressure ( hypertension ). anaemia , tiredness , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood ). methotrexate is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) abdominal pain , indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , loss of appetite , tiredness , dizziness , headache , fluid retention , feeling sleepy , tired , tingling or numbness . low blood pressure ( hypertension ), tiredness , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of low level of red blood cells ). vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle weakness , feeling sleepy , feeling weak , tired or weak ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). anaemia , tiredness , sore throat , nose bleeds ( signs of a reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ) in the blood ( known as agranulocytosis ) some patients have had the following : - liver problems including inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), which may be associated with methotrexate or liver problems , such as acne and hair loss . - changes in the way things
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) excessive thirst and hunger ( frequent and frequent urination ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : difficulty breathing or swallowing , coughing or a high temperature . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty sleeping sneezing sore throat or sneezing stomach pain or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine frequent or frequent urination urinary incontinence ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) cough cough sore throat stomach ache or sneezing stomach pain 36 other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty or pain when passing urine frequent or frequent urination high blood pressure urinary tract infection palpitations ( cough ) cough chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of acute urinary tract infection ) feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 depression children not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : cold , shaking , chills , sore throat or burning_pain arm or leg ache feeling weak or weak memory problems such as difficulty walking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be due to a very rare , serious brain infection , which has been fatal ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy or pml ). you might get infections more easily during your treatment with riximyo . these reactions are more likely to occur during the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your first day to stop the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you to counteract the reaction . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effects are headache , sickness ( chills ), vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain , irritation and / or ulceration of the mouth , tongue and / or jaw , difficulty swallowing , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), - loss of appetite , weight loss , swollen hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ), loss of memory , difficulty walking or sight loss , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your neck and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - headache , or other signs of infection ( e . g . headache , sickness , chills , sore throat , joint and muscle pains , feeling weak , feeling weak , lack of energy , difficulty with speaking or understanding others , sudden difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination , which may be a symptom of sudden decrease or loss of vision ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of these symptoms ( e . g . pneumonia or other skin infections ) - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problem ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper abdominal pain , headache , sickness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic or hypersensitivity reactions . the signs may include : rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( including a serious infection of the urinary system ) - cough - sore throat - vomiting - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( may be due to severe tiredness ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea , constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) loss of consciousness not known ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) dementia ( tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) loss of appetite urinary tract infection seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or drowsy , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , diarrhoea , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , increase in the number of certain types of white blood cells called magnesium , calcium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , increase in magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , abnormal liver function tests , high level of magnesium , potassium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , coughing ( seizures ), feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some constituents of your blood : high level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the number of certain types of white blood cells called magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , increase in liver enzymes , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , increase in liver enzymes , increase of magnesium , potassium , calcium , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood . weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , drowsy feeling or being sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , increased liver enzymes , increased blood level of magnesium , potassium , calcium , phosphate , weight_gain , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , increased liver enzymes , increased blood level of magnesium , potassium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , increased number of liver enzymes or creatine phosphokinase , phosphate , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), − swelling of the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the number of certain types of anti - specific type of anti - specific type of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood , weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , headache coughing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), vomiting , dry mouth , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of allergic reaction death : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rapid heart rate . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging , redness of the eye , watery eyes , blurred vision , high blood pressure , dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling or being sick . side effects 47 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , changes in taste , changes in perception of taste , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual impairment , eye_pain eye pain , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , mouth ulceration , inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin , hair loss , itching of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( cornea ), cornea , change in the colour of the nails ( the cornea ), damage to the clear layer of the cornea ( the cornea ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - hives ( nettle skin rash ) - pain in the stomach and back which does not go away , being short of breath , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or ulcers , ulcers , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( potential signs of bleeding disorders ) - bleeding gums - severe stomach pain - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising or bleeding on the skin - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itchy or itchy skin ( jaundice ) - itchy skin ( itchy ) - dry skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) - dry skin - itchy skin ( itchy ) - the_signs - dry skin - pain of the upper right side of your stomach area ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - the signs may include : pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , or sores in the mouth , hands or feet ( including hand - foot syndrome ) - changes in colour of your eyes or the whites of your body , which may be a sign of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) - the signs may include : pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , or minor bleeding ( haemorrhage of the mucous membrane or guillain - barré syndrome ) - thickening of the outer layers of the skin ( erythema multiforme ) - blood in the urine - protein in your urine - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your body ) - serious allergic reaction which may include sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or body - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of your body , serious allergic reaction which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - a cough with fever - difficulty breathing ( protein_in_your_urine ) - inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) - bleeding or yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction with or without difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) - bleeding or yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) serious allergic reaction with rapid loss of vision ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) - bleeding or yellowing of the skin and the whites of your body , serious allergic reaction which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath or speaking , which may be symptoms of urinary tract infection , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain at the site of injection , including burning sensation in the face and / or tongue - sensation of numbness or pain in the limbs - joint or mouth pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . pain , burning , pain ) - headache - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - pain ( very common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or body ) - numbness , burning and pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired ( difficulty in sleeping ) - blurred vision - pain ( including pain ) - reduced body temperature ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or body ) - numbness , burning and pain at the infusion site - headache - feeling tired ( difficulty in sleeping ) - blurred vision - pain ( including pain at the infusion site ) - decreased blood flow to parts of the body ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the joints and / or lips , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling or around your mouth - blood in the urine - at injection site - injection site reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the joints and / or lips , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in sleeping - blurred vision - pain in the limbs - injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , pain ) - headache - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - difficulty in falling or keeping an erection ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - burning , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning and / or pain in the joints and / or lips , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in speaking , - blurred or loss of vision - pain ( including pain at the infusion site ) - decreased blood flow to parts of the body ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning and / or pain in the joints and / or lips , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in speaking , - blurred or loss of vision - pain ( including pain at the infusion site ) - decreased blood flow to parts of the body ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the joints and / or lips , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in speaking , - blurred or loss of vision - pain in the limbs or in the hands or lips - blood in the urine common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain in the hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ) - numbness , burning and pain in the centre of the hands and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fever , sore throat or coughing , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , severe headache , fever , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , hair loss , itchy skin , skin reddening , - painful reddening of the skin , - blurred or blurred vision , - blood clot in your veins , especially in your hands or anus . - symptoms of heart problems : shortness of breath ( including heart attack or heart_attack ) - feeling sick ( flatulence ) - stomach ( stomach ) pain , constipation , heartburn ( indigestion ). - flatulence ( see section 2 : warnings and precautions "). - severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain , fever and chills . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat tiredness , paleness - dizziness , numbness , pins and needles , feeling sick , weight loss , weight gain or weight gain . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - sick ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - sick ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - being sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin reddening - dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in some_hiv_medicines , but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately . these symptoms may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience kidney failure ( weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body ). if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection or inflammation or if you notice any of the symptoms above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , back pain , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine kidney problems ( abnormal blood test results ) electrocardiogram ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine kidney problems ( abnormal blood test results ) electrocardiogram ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine kidney problems ( abnormal blood test results ) electrocardiogram ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine kidney problems ( abnormal blood test results ) electrocardiogram ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine kidney problems ( abnormal blood test results ) electrocardiogram ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , itching , pain , swelling and redness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skin with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . fever , chills and severe flu-like_symptoms flu like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , as these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your chest and needs urgent medical attention . if you get fever , chills and severe breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the following , stop using ambirix and tell your doctor straight away : - if you experience pain in the upper left side of the skin or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - breathing problems : if you develop weakness , chills and severe breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following trouble breathing , tell your doctor straight away : - fever , chills or severe breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction : - if you develop a fever , chills and severe flu - like symptoms , as a consequence of parkinson ' s disease , such as fever , chills or severe breathing problems , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction : - if you develop a fever , chills and severe flu - like symptoms , as a consequence of parkinson ' s disease , such as fever , chills or severe breathing problems , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following trouble breathing , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience pain in the upper left side of the skin or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - breathing problems such as weakness or fever , flu - like symptoms , severe flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , flu - like symptoms , - new or worsening cough , - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o chills , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o chills , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o chills , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o feeling ill , fever , chills , severe tiredness , flu - like symptoms , facial flushing , o fever , - chills , - sore throat or cough , severe chills , flu - like symptoms , o
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of allergic reactions ( rash , itchy rash , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ), difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , fainting , changes in consciousness , or fainting or loss of consciousness , which could be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . - if you experience loss of consciousness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be more common if you experience any of these symptoms after vaccination with vaccination . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( e . g . hardness and / or warmth at the injection site ) headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including rash ), swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms may be more common at the start of vaccination . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hard lump ) at the injection site headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , swollen face or fingers , feeling unwell , generally feeling unwell and generally unwell 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures and fainting 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including swelling of the face and throat , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash or blisters . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . injection site reactions ( including redness of the face , fingers and feet ) feeling generally unwell and generally unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting and 23 2 . see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - allergic reactions that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , wheezing , itchy_rash , itchy skin or blisters . these symptoms may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( e . g . hardness and / or warmth ) at the injection site - headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , swollen mouth , fingers and feet ) - feeling unwell and generally unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - seizures and fainting - 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including severe swelling of the face and throat and difficulty breathing . - difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing . itchy rash or blisters . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 - generally feeling unwell - fever . - injection site reactions ( e . g . swollen_glands_in_the_neck ) - feeling generally unwell and unwell . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - seizures and fainting - 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including severe swelling of the face and throat , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash and blisters . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( see above ) 23 - generally feeling unwell - fever . - injection site reactions ( e . g . swollen_glands_in_the_neck ) - generally feeling unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - seizures and fainting - 23 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel teva may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during or after the treatment with docetaxel_accord , some of these reactions can be serious and require treatment . allergic reactions may occur . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as : a rash , itching , difficulty breathing chest tightness chest tightness , difficulty breathing , chills , flushing or flushing low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva pharma the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and itching of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in arms , 000 people problems with your nerves such as itching , palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; difficulty in passing urine ( urinating ) inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and itching of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; common : may affect up to your_skin_to_peel in arms , 000 people problems with your nerves such as itching , palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; urgent need to urinate more often , or at night thirst vaginal itching blood . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - headache - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - headache ( dyspepsia ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) - nervousness - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) - nervousness - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) - nervousness - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - gas ( flatulence ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain ( oropharyngeal pain ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy ( insomnia ) - nervousness - tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - reflux of stomach juices ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as : - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash ( pruritis ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash , itching ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - 29 - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - liver disorder - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain , 29 - nausea , vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - changes in liver function tests - nausea - vomiting - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach stomach - stomach pain - liver disorders - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach or intestinal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions : - rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , - fainting , contact your doctor immediately . - severe allergic reaction ( hives ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea - nausea - rash - itchy rash - hives - wheals ( wheals ) where the injection is given - wheezing - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - symptoms of allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , feeling faint , dizziness or loss of consciousness ) - fainting - symptoms of allergic reactions ( rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , feeling faint , dizziness or loss of consciousness ) - fainting , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - severe allergic reaction that may cause rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - a severe allergic reaction . - hives ( urticaria ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - breast pain - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - fatigue ( tremor ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include weight loss , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , headache - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite ). - if you have symptoms of parkinson ' s disease , such as stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain - swelling of the throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , - pain in the abdomen , drowsiness , dizziness , headache - injection site reactions , including symptoms such as stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - altered taste - swelling of the throat - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - breast loss ( alopecia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - breast_complaints ( drowsiness ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - sensation of tingling and / or weakness in the arms and legs ( neuropathy ) - dizziness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness - sensation of drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness - drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast pain - swelling of the eyelid - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - weight gain - drowsiness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low blood pressure ( hypotension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking atripla and contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of atripla : common : drowsiness , dizziness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or pain in the arms or legs , muscle pain , muscle weakness , or a decrease in blood pressure ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of vision ). side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes ( creatinine ) in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) and signs of inflammation such as drowsiness , dizziness , feeling tired , nausea , being sick ( nausea and vomiting ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache or dizziness , drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes which may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( creatinine ) in the blood , called creatinine in the blood that may be detected during blood tests - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness - chills - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - low number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( a type of white blood cell ) in blood tests - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass water more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - low number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( a type of white blood cell ) in blood tests - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass water more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - lactic acidosis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes which may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( creatinine ) in the blood called creatinine in the blood that may be detected during blood tests - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 - feeling weak - feeling weak - drowsiness - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) - creatinine in the urine - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - 60 - feeling weak - drowsiness - weakness - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling bloated - passing more urine than normal or passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to low blood platelets ) - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if any of the following happen , tell your doctor straight away : allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or legs ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop an increase of certain enzymes in the blood and the numbers of your blood cells ( see section 24 warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your first day to stop the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : hives and difficulties breathing . common : may affect up to the_second_infusion in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain which can be life - threatening . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after the second infusion . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : headache or deterioration in vision , headache , sickness , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers of the mouth , double or double vision , constipation , occasional headaches , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), chills , a metallic taste in your mouth or difficulty swallowing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have been given by your doctor . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , itching and itching . these symptoms may be symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome , such as rash , shortness of breath , cough or difficulty breathing . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) liver failure , which may be fatal . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the tongue ) have also been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - sore throat - runny nose - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections - dizziness - headache -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you experience pain or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you have pain , stools , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness , swelling or other hard lump at the infusion site , which may be a sign of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section 2 ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects - you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( a type of allergy ) - pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of infusion . tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious allergic reaction may include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a severe infection or infection of the large bowel , which may be a sign of an infection caused by a reduced number of white blood cells shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - allergy ( symptoms include pain , redness , swelling and other organs ) - serious blood tests which show severe increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - reaction with symptoms such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area of the lower body which may be signs of gastrointestinal perforation or perforation of the stomach or intestines , which may be a serious and life - threatening medical condition . - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause allergy . symptoms may include pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling around the infusion site . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with fetcroja . there have been a possibility that you may develop pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the area of your ankles and / or throat . these may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes shown up in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of a serious allergic reaction may include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your tongue and throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - a severe infection or infection of the large bowel , which may be a sign of a serious infection called
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blindness , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the effects above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , dizziness , shaking . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause skin rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny or blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , oral thrush , candidiasis , high level of sugar in the blood , muscle spasm , skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( peripheral oedema ) blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; shortness of breath ; indigestion ; nausea ; constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by lamivudine_teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following : muscles pain , difficulty in swallowing , or swallowing , or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver and needs urgent medical attention . side effects with lamivudine krka may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - stomach pain - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - pain - headache - stomach ache - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction ( rash ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the body - allergic reaction that may be life threatening and lead to a dangerous decrease of blood pressure , which , if untreated , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly and tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms while your treatment with lamivudine_teva has finished . - pain in your arms and / or back which may be a sign of liver problems - pain in the upper left side of the body - pain in the abdomen or muscles , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , and / or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the stomach or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . - breathing problems . if you have a serious allergic reaction , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) seizures may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking it and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain or redness at the site of injection . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits at the site of injection . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of the following side effects after taking this medicine . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . blurred vision rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ) palpitations , shivering , chest pain , increased blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry eyes , dry skin , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , pain in the limbs and back pain . in addition , the following symptoms have been seen during treatment with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , tiredness and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and only last a few days to a few weeks . if you experience blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of the skin ( erythema ), back pain , itchy skin , back pain , itchy skin , back pain , night sweats , redness of the skin ( rash ), back pain , hair loss ( alopecia ), back pain , pain in the extremities . back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , rash . other side effects with this medicine include : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ). palpitations , shivering , chest pain , increased blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry eyes , dry skin , dry skin , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , pain in the limbs and back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , rash . other side effects with this medicine include : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ). palpitations , shivering , chest pain , increased blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry eyes , dry skin , dry skin , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , pain in the limbs and back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , rash . other side effects with this medicine include : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ). palpitations , shivering , chest pain , increased blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss ( alopecia ), dry eyes , dry skin , dry skin , back pain , musculoskeletal pain , back pain , pain in the limbs and back pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash , rash . other side effects with this medicine include : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( see section 2 ). palpitations , shivering , chest pain , increased blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests , increased hair loss , rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of the skin ( erythema ), back pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash , itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness , numb or numb of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by pain , swelling , redness or numb and numb ( paraesthesia ) feeling drowsy or numb ( fatigue ) pain , swelling , redness or itching of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your foot to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ). if you get pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the palms , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet and sores in your mouth , pharmacist , or feet ( has also been reported in patients with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : may affect more than side_effects in 10 people rash , itching , darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . pain , swelling , redness , numb or numb sores in the mouth and / or soles of the feet ( including hand and foot syndrome ) pain , swelling , redness , itching or darkening of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your foot to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ). if you get pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the palms , especially if it occurs during exercise . steven - johnson syndrome : if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised swelling of the hands , feet or ankles and this may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( foot ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of the side effects listed above . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : allergic reactions ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), breathing difficulties , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , constipation , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash , urticaria ( hives ), muscle aches or cramps , back pain or muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), low vitamin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), back pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should contact a doctor immediately : - rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in very rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or sweating ( frequency rare ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( pancreatitis ) ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) may be severe and could be life - threatening . - serious liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , stomach ache , your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( bilirubin , triglycerides , bilirubin ) in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for lipase and bilirubin , and / or bilirubin in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for lipase and bilirubin , and / or bilirubin . your doctor will test your blood regularly for lipase and bilirubin , and / or liver enzymes . symptoms may include : rash , sweats , fever , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , and acute loss of appetite . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) weight gain feeling tired ( asthenia ) feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ) swelling ( oedema ) of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) dizziness diarrhoea stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( oedema ) swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( oedema . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis : a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions ") very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( a type of severe cancer of the blood vessels in the skin ) has also been reported with metformin - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience chest pain or angina , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) diabetes . increased risk of bleeding in the brain ( intracranial haemorrhage ) has also been reported with metformin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) diabetes due to blockage of blood vessels in the back of the eye ( retinal vasculitis ) pulmonary_oedema can cause blood clots in the back of the back of the eye ( retinal vascular occlusion ) pulmonary_oedema can cause blood clots in the back of the back of the eye ( retinal vasculitis ) macular_oedema can cause blood clots in the back of the back of the eye ( retinal vasculitis ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) diabetes due to blockage of blood vessels in the lungs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) feeling tired ( feeling tired or fever ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with rapiscan . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - dizziness , headache , paleness , cough , shortness of breath , feeling weak , fluttering or discomfort in the chest , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or swelling of the skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), eye pain , discomfort in the mouth , mouth or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting 28 - dizziness , feeling sick , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , sick / feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , being sick , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat discomfort - vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat discomfort - vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain - ringing in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , hot flushes , pain in your arms or legs , nausea , inability to sleep , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflamed pancreas ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflamed nose , sneezing ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection . symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or runny nose , serious upper stomach pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflamed stomach or sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , blocked or sneezing , serious upper stomach pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hepatitis ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection . symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat or a hoarse voice . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the throat ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat or a runny nose , upper respiratory tract infection . common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people : vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the throat ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat or a hoarse voice symptoms , inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat or a hoarse voice . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache headache nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal dreams confusion visual disturbance amnesia ( memory loss ) hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep inability to sleep ( insomnia ) abnormal dreams confusion ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - redness of the skin ( conjunctivitis ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting - restlessness - visual impairment - weight loss - decreased appetite - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) weight loss ( decreased appetite ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) not known : - after stopping or reducing your mirapexin treatment : weight loss , decreased appetite , hiccups , or loss of consciousness ( delirium ), delirium ( increased movements and inability to keep still ), weight increase , weight increase or decrease . rare ( may affect up to mania in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . if you experience the following side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( common ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dry mouth - eye irritation - blurred vision - increased tear production - increased tear production ( increased heart rate ) - increased heart rate - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate ( bradycardia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash - increase in heart rate reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of body temperature a skin rash which may form blisters and look like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than 30 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) signs of serious mental changes or if someone around you notices signs of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon reaction with your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions . contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - slow or irregular heartbeat - pain in the arms or legs - changes in the levels of urinary_retention_dizziness in the blood 29 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat . - dry mouth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain . other side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - dizziness - headache - stomach_pain - stomach pain - abdominal ( discomfort ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back swelling , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , abnormal vision , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , decreased mood , altered level of walking , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain , muscle weakness feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain , muscle weakness feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience confusion , decreased urination , and sexual problems such as muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience confusion , decreased urination , and sexual problems such as muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or back muscle pain feeling tired feeling tired and fatigue rare side effects ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include trouble breathing or breathing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach pain - feeling sick , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain or pain - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain or pain - stomach pain - feeling sick or vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - stomach or stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin ( hives ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , patients have had the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite headache , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) nausea increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite headache , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling faint ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have also been reported : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite headache , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling unwell ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes - liver problems which may be a sign of liver problems . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite headache , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling of pressure ( vertigo ) nausea increase in liver enzymes ( liver function ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
