like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ), increase in white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all blood cells ( seen in a blood test ), dehydration , flu like symptoms , symptoms of which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ), other symptoms such as fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness or fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ), increase in white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all blood cells ( seen in a blood test ) dehydration , flu like symptoms , symptoms of which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) and a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be related to dehydration , flu like symptoms , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ), other symptoms such as fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness or fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness ( fatigue ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) increase in liver enzymes ( creatinine uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth fungal infections in the mouth inflammation of the mouth , mouth , tongue or lymph nodes ( possible signs of dehydration ) dehydration flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) in the number of all white blood cells ( in fighting infection ) sometimes with symptoms such as rash , yellowing of skin or eyes , dark urine , hives ( urticaria ), or other symptoms such as fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness or fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you experience symptoms of liver problems ( hepatitis ) liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( sarcoidosis ), depression , anxiety , paleness . these side effects may be serious and may lead to death . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ), bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , shown in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , shown in blood tests , increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes , increase in a type of white blood cell ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 liver enzymes ( liver enzymes , which may cause liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes , increase in liver enzymes , increase in a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes , increase in liver enzymes , increase in a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes , increase in liver enzymes , an increase in a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes , liver enzymes , increase in liver enzymes , increase in a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood 42 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( awareness of your sinus tract ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection , bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen liver liver tests liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes in blood tests , liver enzymes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : swelling ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience symptoms such as swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling less hungry or nausea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling dizzy , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , flatulence ( feeling dizzy ), sweating , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching - feeling dizzy - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - excessive sweating - injection site pain - injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling and / or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given ( see section 6 " warnings and precautions " in section 6 for more information and what to do if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given ( see section 6 " warnings and precautions " in section 6 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions leading to a dangerously low blood pressure . if this is not treated it may lead to shock . your doctors know that this might happen and will have emergency treatment ready to use fits generalised skin reactions including urticaria ( hives ) the side effects listed below have happened in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent flu . these side effects may occur with foclivia . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people problems with your brain and nerves such as encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ) or hypersensitivity . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , swelling or itching at the injection site . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections such as pain , bruising , bruising , or low_level_of_platelets on one side of the body ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , serious allergic reaction , which may include : swelling of the face , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) and skin_lesions , itching , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , jaundice , yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , fever , kidney failure , excessive fever , high blood pressure , excessive sweating , low blood pressure , weight loss , dry flushed skin , tiredness , jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite or dark_urine , dark urine or dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , blood in urine , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the eyes or skin , dark urine or urine , dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the eyes or skin , dark urine or urine , dark urine , fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells or infections ) loss of appetite , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or the white of the eyes , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore_throat , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) such as yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ), loss of appetite and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells or infections ) loss of appetite dark - coloured urine , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the eyes or skin , dark urine or urine , dark urine ( signs of kidney problems ) with fever , kidney failure or severely decreased urine output , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ) weight loss , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of infections ) such as : chills , sore_throat , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) such as yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ), loss of appetite and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following occur , stop using laventair_ellipta and tell your doctor immediately : - swelling , sometimes of the face or mouth ( angioedema ) - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - if you have tightness in your chest , wheezing or breathlessness tell your doctor immediately as this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - sore throat - sore throat - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses called sinusitis ) headache - headache - pain in the back of the mouth and throat - dry mouth - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - faster heartbeat ( palpitations ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blurred vision - changes in the colour of your eyes ( this may be signs of glaucoma ) - difficulty breathing with water or passing water in the urine ( urinary retention ) - urinary tract infection ( frequency not known ) - dizziness - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ). some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , severe swelling of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps ). some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ; skin rash , hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; severe itching of the skin and raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction that may include skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain and tiredness ( 36 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , tingling of the hands or feet , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , faster breathing , bruising , fluid retention ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , faster breathing , bruising , fluid retention ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , faster breathing , bruising , fluid retention ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , faster heartbeat , fainting , fluid retention ( bruising ) or bleeding in the brain , bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain ( arthralgia) ) muscle pain (
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and your_platelet_count . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the vagina uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation of the throat and / or throat increased pressure in the body feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) irritation in the mouth and throat , or pain in the vagina reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect of clopidogrel use is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain ( such as abdominal and / or inflammation of the eyes ); very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased sex drive , difficulty sleeping , trembling , headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may result in increased risk of infections , fever , general weakness decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , nightmare , disorientation , mental status changes , change in vision , deafness swelling of peripheral oedema ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bruise , blindness , blindness , deafness , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid around the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), 36 - up of fluid around the heart or the lung , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the face , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lungs , 36 - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the face , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lungs , 36 - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , throat infection , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the face , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed , disturbed sense of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lung , 36 - up of fluid around the heart or the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), causing swelling of the throat , throat , nose , genitals and eyes , thirst , fever , collection of fluid in the face , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in the blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed , disturbed sense of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lung , 36 - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing , thirst , fever , reduction in blood pressure , pain or discomfort , increase of sexual dehydrogenase in your blood , weight gain , increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells , dehydration , inability to urinate , increased tendency to bleed , blindness , blindness , deafness , fluid around the lungs , fluid around the lung , 36 - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing , thirst , fever , reduction in blood pressure , pain or discomfort , increase in blood pressure , weight gain , feeling of coldness of hands and feet . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ) - if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the side effects below , contact your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , rash , swelling of face or face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , fatigue and sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . - allergic reaction such as hives and rash . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - muscle pain - back pain - fever - fatigue ( nausea ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - fatigue ( nausea ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - headache - dizziness - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain , tenderness or fatigue very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) - allergic reaction - hives - rash - face swelling - injection site reactions ( hives ) and rash . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis and stevens - johnson syndrome . stop taking remicade if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms of the following side effects : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal liver function tests , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , symptoms such as runny nose , blocked or runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) and irritation of the skin ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) and irritation of the skin ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) and irritation of the skin ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) and irritation of the skin ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) and irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ), nose bleed ( epistaxis ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , musculoskeletal pain , painful joints ( arthritis ), numbness or numbness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) weight decreased , decreased appetite , abnormal_dreams headache , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite . - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), - musculoskeletal pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal liver function tests , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), - loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , symptoms of runny nose ( rhinitis ) - swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - musculoskeletal pain - dry mouth - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - abnormal liver function tests - hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - excessive feeling of touch , numbness or light - headedness - low blood pressure with symptoms such as numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure and symptoms - runny_nose - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the throat ( angioedema ) - runny nose ( rhinitis ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - pain in the limbs - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - hallucinations - hallucinations - abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; respiratory tract infections ; nausea ; abdominal ( stomach ) pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; bleeding from the stomach or intestine ; blood clots in the lungs ; blood clots in the veins ; blood clots in the lungs ; deep blood pressure ; pneumonia ; inflammation of nasal sinus ; sinus inflammation ; pneumonia ; urinary tract inflammation ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; urinary tract infection ; pneumonia ; asthma ; skin inflammation ; irritation of the skin ; eczema ; elevated liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience inflammation of the skin , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , kidney function tests abnormalities in a blood test . not known : allergic reactions such as rash , red skin , blisters on the lips , blisters or peeling of the skin , blisters on the skin , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms , or a tingling feeling in the arms and / or legs have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , liver function tests changes in clot in the blood and clot in your blood and clot in your blood . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or jaw , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms or a sensation of spasms . you may also experience chills , feeling hot , swelling or inflammation . this can be a sign of inflammation . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , liver function tests changes in clot in the blood and clot in your blood and clot in your blood . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or jaw , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms or a sensation of spasms . you may also experience chills , feeling hot , swelling or inflammation . this can be a sign of inflammation . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , liver function tests changes in clot in the blood and clot in your blood and clot in your blood . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or jaw , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms or a sensation of spasms . you may also experience swelling or inflammation at the back of the skin . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing gas , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , liver function tests changes in clot in the blood and clot in your blood and clot in your blood . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or jaw , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms or a sensation of spasms . you may also experience swelling or inflammation at the back of the skin . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing wind , flatulence , passing wind , flatulence , kidney function tests abnormalities in clot in the blood and clot in your blood and clot in your blood . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or jaw , muscle aches or spasms , muscle twitching or spasms , spasms or a sensation of spasms . you may also experience swelling or inflammation of the skin and have been reported . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , indigestion , passing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or seizure ( signs of heart problems ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired . blood clots in the veins ( which can cause shortness of breath or discomfort 43 43 in some people with symptoms such as heart_problems may cause heart problems and shortness of breath chest pain . if this happens to you , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , feeling tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of heart problems such as shortness of breath , chest pain , worsening of rapid heart beat or heart problems before taking this medicine . other side effects tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low level of phosphate in the blood - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms include : - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which may cause shortness of breath or chest pain - this may be due to a heart attack or heart attack which may be a sign of heart problems called qt prolongation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ). tell your doctor , nurse or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - shortness of breath , chest pain or blisters , which may be life - threatening . - blisters and blisters of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . - symptoms include : - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - particularly more frequently than normal and may affect up to 1 in 10 people - symptoms include : - heart problems and shortness of breath , chest pain which may be caused by fluid retention and heart problems which may cause heart problems and may be life - threatening . other side effects which may occur during treatment with erleada : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms such as reddish - flu - like symptoms . - broken bones . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms include : - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - heart attack - heart problems which can cause heart problems which may cause shortness of breath or chest pain - rapid heart beat - heart problems which can cause heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or chest pain - blisters - like symptoms , such as blisters and flu - like symptoms , such as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or blisters , which may be life - threatening . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , these side effects are mild to moderate . however , some patients may experience pain at the infusion site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , these side effects are mild to moderate . however , some patients may experience pain at the infusion site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - passing gas ( fatigue ) - back pain - frequent urination and / or loss of appetite common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , abnormal visual field , changes in vision including halo vision , eye swelling , itching , redness , swelling and inflammation reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your ankles , or thrush ( very common ) - feeling dizzy or tired - shaking ( shaking ) - chills , dizziness , or a fast heart beat - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to sweat or permanently stop your treatment with forxiga . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or a sulphonylurea 75 more than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : - shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the above signs . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin in 10 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to this_medicine in 10 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to this_medicine in 10 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle cramps or stiffness ( signs of low blood pressure ) fatigue ( very common ), and muscle spasms , chest pain , chest pain , swelling , swelling , redness or itching high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , an_infection , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching of the skin , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , or pain , redness , swelling or itching high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling , itching or high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . − signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . − signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . − signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . − signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . − signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin rash , acne , discomfort or swelling around the tongue , face , face or mouth allergic reaction ( e . g . nose bleeds ), nose bleed . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , bradycardia ( irregular heart beat ), bradycardia ( tingling , discomfort or discomfort in the extremities ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction : rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and urticaria ( urticaria ) excess of fluid in the face and face ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( acne ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and urticaria ( urticaria ) inflammation of hair follicles ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin pain or discomfort , swelling and / or swelling on the tongue and face , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat and / or discomfort pain in the upper right side of the face or mouth and / or discomfort pain in the limbs or in the hands or mouth if any of the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if you get any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people signs of infections : inflammation_of_the_eye_globe may cause bleeding which appears as small blood vessels in the lungs or lungs . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( e . g ., in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , fatigue or confusion ). these may be the symptoms of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood vessels in the lung ( retinal vasculitis ) symptoms include a shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood vessels in the lung ( retinal vasculitis ) symptoms include : a feeling of shivering or shivering feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . have a blood clot in the veins in your kidneys ( kidneys ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea or diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - symptoms include : difficulty breathing , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , visual problems , confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness , which may lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , difficulty breathing , coughing or confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness or delirium , tell your doctor immediately or go to the nearest hospital immediately , as you may need urgent medical treatment . - blood clots in your veins ( symptoms include fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , seek medical advice immediately ), - skin rash , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - this can be a sign of confusion , disorientation , decreased level of consciousness - a change in your mood or behaviour , confusion , disorientation or lack of interest , which may be signs of a heart attack or rhythm problems - confusion , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as : - chills , difficulty speaking , sudden onset of shortness of breath or immediately , immediately with symptoms such as chills , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , tell your doctor immediately . skin rash tell your doctor immediately if you get skin rash or any other signs of an infection such as fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath , immediately or breathing tightness , which may be signs of an infection of the blood vessels in the body . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation , disorientation , inability to fall asleep or stay asleep - arrhythmia - difficulty speaking , hallucination - difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden onset loss or loss of hearing , which may be signs of a stroke , confusion , disorientation or disorientation , thoughts of suicide , memory loss , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of a heart attack or lack of coordination or co - ordination ), thoughts of difficulty_speaking ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : hives , itching , rash , blistering skin , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache , increased sweating . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin : common : dizziness , dry mouth , headache some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with metformin and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and metformin : common : swelling of the hands or legs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( this_section ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). possible side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your blood . the signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may come on quickly . the high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . possible side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience inflammation in the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) which may cause a severe rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis . if you experience fever , immediately , please inform your doctor immediately . you may have stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching or tingling around your mouth , as these may indicate problems with your spleen ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience fever , immediately , please inform your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe infections - bacterial or viral infections - severe headache - diarrhoea - vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , itching , redness or swelling ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , muscle spasms - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness , itching or fever - respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - pancreatitis ( an inflammation of the pancreas ) - pancreatitis ( a side effect that may be life - threatening ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough and rash . the other side effects have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - dizziness - headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abdominal pain ( stomach ache ) - stomach ( gastrointestinal ) pain - nausea - loss of appetite - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( indicating increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - liver enzymes increased - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears - ear discomfort - side effects in children and adolescents the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in this section are the other side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness and rash . the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - cough - nausea - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - redness , rash - raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - liver failure if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lynparza and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , itchy rash or hives . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( vomiting ), diarrhoea loss of appetite rash , itchy rash ( hives ) blood tests may show a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) leukopenia ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling and / or swelling . if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating , and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart attack very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking ovaleap and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling and irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , irritation , redness , swelling or pain common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the site of the injection . this usually clears up in a few days to a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . severe allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe allergic reactions ( including a severe allergic reaction ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or drop in blood pressure and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately . a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduced number of blood platelets , which may cause swelling of the face and throat , decreased blood pressure , weight gain , difficulty in breathing and / or possible fluid accumulation in your stomach or chest . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). lung infection , blood clots in the veins ( ohss ) causing chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or stroke . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . severe allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . severe allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , irritation , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell a doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . disorder has been reported in patients with voriconazole frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell a doctor or seek medical help immediately : - disorder or other disorders of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , including itchy skin patches , red spots on the skin that is covered with small red bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps ( erythema multiforme ). the frequency of this type of event is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - rash - hives - redness of the skin - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation - stomach ache - bile duct disorders - liver problems including voriconazole kidney function - disorder with disorder - decrease in the number of certain types of white blood cells - decreased number of white blood cells - decreased number of white blood cells - fever - chills - weakness , dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , changes in sense of taste - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion - increased liver function tests , hair loss , inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and could be life threatening . - pain in the chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , lungs , chest , lungs , chest , lungs , chest breathing and / or chest pain , swelling and / or fluid in the lungs - blood in the urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling or fluid in the lungs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling or enlargement in your legs - blood in your urine - swelling in your arms and legs - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in the urine - swelling of the legs - low blood levels of some types of white blood cells which can make you more prone to fever and chills - weakness , dizziness , confusion , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , changes in sense of taste - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion - increased liver function tests , hair loss , inflammation of the liver , inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and life threatening , chest pain , difficult or painful breathing , swelling of the feet and ankles , blood in the urine , swelling of the face and throat , blood in your urine , swelling of the face and / or throat - low blood levels of some white blood cells , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the area of the legs - low blood levels of some types of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - swelling , hives - redness of the skin - trouble sleeping ( dizziness ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation - stomach pain - bile duct disorders - liver problems including inflammation of the liver - inflammation of the liver , which may be severe and life threatening , chest pain , difficult or painful breathing , swelling of the feet and ankles , blood in the urine - swelling or fluid in the lungs - blood clots in your lung or blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in your urine - swelling in the legs - blood in the urine - swelling of your face - low blood levels of
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 mg / ml ( 0 . 5 % of patients ) where this injection is given and / or the infusion . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , pain , swelling and redness where the injection was given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , pain , swelling and redness where the injection was given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high potassium levels in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) swelling of the legs , swelling , at the injection site , itching , red skin , shivering , fever , flu - like symptoms , arthritis , feeling weak , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles and joints weakness . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your bone and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - itching - red skin - shivering - fever - flu - like symptoms - arthritis - feeling weak - fatigue - unusual tiredness or fatigue - bone pain - arm or leg pain - generally feeling unwell . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the above symptoms . - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your bone , as well as itching and reddening of the skin . - if you experience pain localised to the centre of the bone , such as shivering and joints , as these may be signs of a problem with your kidneys . - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your bone , as well as itching and neck pain , as these may indicate problems with your jaw ( enlargement of the spleen . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the bone bone . - jaw and bone pain and jaw pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . - severe skin reactions including frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sudden and severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your bone , as well as bone , the genital areas or the jaw , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever . - flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles and joints , feeling anxious or 59 . - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure in your lungs , high potassium levels in your blood , high potassium levels in your blood , enlargement of the liver , - swelling in the legs and ankles . - swelling at the injection site . - shivering . - fever . - flu - like symptoms . - arthritis . - feeling weak or fatigue . - bone pain . - aching muscles and joints . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and only go away over time . - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever . - flu and flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles and joints , feeling anxious or 59 . - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure in your lungs , high potassium levels in your blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - high potassium levels in your blood , enlargement of the bones ( with bone pain and sometimes resulting in your_blood_fluid ), swelling around the injection site . - swelling at the injection site . - swelling of your face and throat . - swelling of your lymph glands . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever . - flu and flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( cholesterol ) in your blood , blood in the urine . this is more likely to happen in a few days to a few weeks of zeposia . this is more likely to occur in patients with low blood pressure and blood in your urine . liver allergic reaction , which may also lead to a liver problem , which may be life - threatening . liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems , which may be life threatening . liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems , which may be life threatening . liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems , which may be life threatening . liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems , which may be life - threatening . liver problems that may be life threatening . liver problems that may be a sign of liver problems , which may be life - threatening . liver problems that may be life threatening and lead to viruses , viruses , viruses or viruses . this is a sign of allergic reaction . allergic reaction may affect up to 1 in 100 people ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). this could be a sign of allergic reaction . the signs may include blurred vision ( see section " warnings and precautions "): viruses , breathlessness or blurred vision ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood tests . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular oedema ) and viruses and blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( macular macular oedema ) viruses , breathlessness and blurred vision ( cloudy vision ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other signs of infection such as fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or raised veins in the mouth and throat . symptoms of infection of the lung may include fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat caused by inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) where the injection is given ( anaphylaxis ) may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and / or breathing problems ( e . g . itching , hives , swelling , pain , swelling , irritation , bruising , bleeding or bruising ). these usually usually occur after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . other side effects which may occur during treatment with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin pain feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain , diarrhoea or being sick ( vomiting ) itching , hives , swelling or pain at the site of injection . a decrease in the number of red blood cells and / or platelets in your blood . your doctor will test your blood tests to check for any changes in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) and leucopenia . blood tests may show increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood ( neutropenia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show increase in the amount of some blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) and leucopenia . blood tests may show increase in the amount of some blood cells ( eosinophilia ). decreased number of a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood ( a sign of a low number of white blood cells called neutropenia ) and leucopenia . blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia ). in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine in your blood ( a sign of a liver problem ) increase in the level of creatinine in your blood ( which may show an increase in creatinine and creatinine ) in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) and leucopenia . blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ). blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : swollen face , itchiness , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse bleeding disorders , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pregabalin_pfizer : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − elevated levels of some blood enzymes ; hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ); difficulty breathing ; swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat ; difficulty in swallowing ; change in the way things taste ; back pain ; joint pain ; neck pain ; neck pain ; joint swelling ; joint or bone pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased pressure in the eyes - abnormal blood test results for liver function - hypertension ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind - diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , cramps or fever - fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you experience any of these effects . - if you have a combination of diabetes , it is important that you drink more water than usual . - increased blood pressure . - low blood pressure ( hypertension , common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood disorders ( hypotension ) - dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind , diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck_pain - fever , fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . - if you have an erection , which lasts for more than veins , you should seek immediate medical advice . - blood clots in the veins especially in the veins ( legs ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - levodopa , levodopa , fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor may tell you to stop taking levodopa . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following : levodopa , fatigue , feeling hot , your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of levodopa , it is important that you drink more water than usual . - increased levels of sugar in your blood . - low blood pressure . - hypertension . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - elevated blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , wind , dry mouth , wind , diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck_pain - fever , fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of these . signs and symptoms of liver problems : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood disorders ( hypotension ) - dizziness - headache - cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind - diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain and cramps - fever , fatigue , feeling weak , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you experience any of these effects . - if you have an erection , levodopa tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure ) and chest pain or an increase in heart rate and / or breathing difficulties . if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking zytiga and see a doctor straight away , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . serious allergic reactions have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , chest or chest pain , difficulty breathing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction allergic reactions ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening allergic reactions with prednisolone or worsening of rash , high blood pressure , changes in heart rate and arrhythmia , arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes to blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , changes in heart rate ( palpitations ) - rapid heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ) - rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( palpitations ) - rapid heart rate , blood clots in the deep blood vessels ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure ( ecg ) - arrhythmia , palpitations ( rapid heartbeat ) - rapid heart rate , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia , palpitations ( rapid heart rate ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations ( rapid heart rate ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations ( rapid heart rate ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia - palpitations ( rapid heartbeat ) - rapid heart rate -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : heart problems has been experienced commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal ( belly ) pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; heart_burn ; difficulty in swallowing ; sicca syndrome ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling ( oedema ); common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) ; fever ; itchy nose ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels , which can cause unusual_infections or bruising ; swelling ( oedema ); respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal discomfort ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; swelling ( oedema ); decreased number of platelets in the blood ( which help to clot ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels , which can cause unusual_infections , bruising and bleeding . respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal discomfort ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; swelling ( oedema ); decreased number of platelets in your blood ( which help to clot ); fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels , which can cause unusual_infections , bruising and bleeding . respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal discomfort ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; swelling ( oedema ); of the mouth ; indigestion , bloating ; intestinal burn ; acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); decrease in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; inflammation of blood vessels , often with a fever ; chest pain or swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or cold ; respiratory tract infections ; pneumonia ; abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; swelling ( oedema ); of the mouth ; indigestion , bloating ; intestinal burn ; acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); decrease in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; cancer of the skin ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , urinary tract infection ); dry mouth ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); reduced number of platelets in the blood ; decreased number of white blood cells ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; cancer of the skin ; itching ; itchy skin ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); respiratory tract infection ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal discomfort ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); decrease in the number of red and white blood cells ; decreased number of platelets ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ritemvia infusion , it can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . allergic reactions if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue swelling , itchy , runny or blocked nose and vomiting , sickness , fever , chills , shivering , or irritation . these may be signs of a drop in the numbers of your blood cells . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , tingling or feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat , nose , throat or tongue , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should consult your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : if you notice any of these symptoms , or an infusion - related reaction , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , tingling or feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat , nose , throat or tongue , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills and shivering . less frequently , some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are more likely to happen after a few days of your treatment . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with paracetamol . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether paracetamol
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when capecitabine is used with capecitabine_teva , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by capecitabine_teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest area or lips , and / or fever , as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure . therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . bronchitis ( common ). if you have pain , fever and fluid in your lungs , as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure . therefore , if you experience any of these , please seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . blood tests may show : increase in certain white blood cells ; calcium , magnesium , calcium , or calcium in blood ; ringing in the ears ( ringing or buzzing ); rapid or irregular heartbeat ; ringing in the ears ; hiccups ; fluid retention in the eye ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in swallowing ; swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in laboratory blood tests ( e . g . sweets , magnesium , magnesium , calcium ). blood in urine ; loss of appetite ; anorexia ( build - up of fluid in the eye ); night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in swallowing ; swelling in the hands and feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in swallowing ; swelling in the hands and feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in swallowing ; swelling in the hands and feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in swallowing ; blood clot in a deep vein ; reactions of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( e . g . dysfunction in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ). other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain in the upper left part of the chest ; pain , the_jaw_sweating , night sweats , muscle spasm ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ; swelling of hands , ankles or feet ; pain in the limbs ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in laboratory blood tests ( e . g . high potassium , magnesium , uric acid , and calcium in the blood ); decreased calcium in the blood ; loss of appetite ; anorexia ; temporary loss of appetite ; redness of the skin ; pain in the arms or legs ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; difficulty in urination ; blood clot in a deep vein ; reactions of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( e . g . dysfunction in the mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people severe skin reactions such as skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may involve ulcers of the mouth , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ). stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using capecitabine_teva if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . dizziness , sleepiness and chills . less frequently , some patients may experience a reduction in the amount of potassium in your blood , which may be a sign of high level of sugar in your blood , such as calcium or calcium , calcium or calcium in the urine , or sugar in the urine . loss of appetite ( anorexia ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . blood tests may show : increase in certain white blood cells , calcium , magnesium , calcium , or calcium in blood , fluid retention , ringing in the ears , ringing or buzzing in the ears , night sweats muscle spasm difficulty in urination , blood or protein in the urine bruising or reaction at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . the following side effect have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling restless , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following : dizziness or fainting when you are not sure it may lead to complications . during the administration of silodosin_recordati , if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . if you are not able to swallow or if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical attention . dizziness and fainting are more likely to occur during the first intravenous of complications . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor if you have a stroke . if you are not sure what the side effects below are , ask your doctor to explain them to you . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people dizziness , feeling weak or weak , especially when you stand up or feeling dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following : dizziness or fainting when you start to have a blood clot in your eye . dizziness and fainting . complications of complications may be associated with a sudden decrease in the pressure of one of your eye ( a deep vein thrombosis ), which is a common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people . dizziness feeling weak , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are : dizziness , fainting or complications when you start using this medicine . if you are not sure it may lead to complications . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine to control your eye function ( see section " warnings and precautions "). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure regularly while you are taking this medicine . previously see section " warnings and precautions ' in section ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 . if you experience any of these effects , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in a people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) levels of liver enzymes or blood clots in the veins ( called thromboembolism ). some side effects could be serious . these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in a people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) levels of liver enzymes or blood clots in the veins ( called thromboembolism ). some side effects could be serious . these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in a people ): angioedema ( low levels of blood platelets ) which may cause a life - threatening . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above symptoms : angioedema ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : common ( may affect up to 1 in a people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) levels of liver enzymes or blood clots in the veins ( called thromboembolism ). some side effects could be serious . these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) side effects of unknown angioedema ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): angioedema ( low levels of red blood cells ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to peel or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . this can be life - threatening . if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above symptoms : angioedema ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the above symptoms : angioedema ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . angioedema ( low blood pressure ) may occur . tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; they will discuss ways of managing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more afstyla . tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you have any of the following symptoms : hives , allergic reaction or symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives , low blood pressure , dizziness and hives , low blood pressure , dizziness at the beginning of treatment with this medicine . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site : dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , bleeding , dizziness low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , bleeding , dizziness low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the vaccination - site . low blood pressure , chills , chills , hives . allergic reaction . difficulty in breathing , wheezing , chills or hives . allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness_of_the_chest , difficulty in breathing , chills or hives , hives or allergic reaction . symptoms include : dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing or difficulty in breathing . allergic reactions such as symptoms include dizziness , low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - shivering , - severe bleeding , - dizziness , - nausea , - vomiting , - difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , difficulty speaking , problems with your balance or balance - palpitations ( fast or irregular heartbeat ), - blood clots in your veins , especially in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), feeling thirsty , high blood pressure , changes in vision , rapid or irregular heartbeat , trouble speaking , shortness of breath , tumour of the airways ( palpitations ) - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : fever , shivering , face swelling , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding - increased bruising , bleeding , anaemia , or anaemia ( reduced number of red blood cells ), fever , and reduced resistance to blood clots , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat , serious skin rashes , which may be life threatening . signs of a high blood pressure , angina , irregular heartbeat , angina and sudden cardiac death . if you experience any of these 65 , contact your doctor immediately . sudden severe allergic reactions : the signs may include diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , sick ( diarrhoea ), stomach ache , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain , stop taking cialis and tell your doctor immediately . sudden unexplained loss of consciousness . other side effects other side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , nitrates to light , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes and swelling of the hands , feet or ankles feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach lining , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , rashes , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , and swelling of the face . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives , rashes , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , and swelling of the face . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itching of the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions including rashes , hives , hives , rashes , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , and swelling of the face . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach lining , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , heart attack and stroke have also been reported . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including rashes , hives , hives , rashes , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , hives , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty breathing , increased sweating other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . - heart attack and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye_pain , rashes , red spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . - heart attack and stroke have also been reported with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including rashes , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye_pain , rashes , red spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and increased sweating . - heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with enyglid : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - symptoms such as swelling , swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( hypersensitivity ) other side effects such as 31 : - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : - diarrhoea common : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - hypoglycaemia . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - rapid heartbeat - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) other side effects such as : - very common - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - hypoglycaemia . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - new crying ( oedema ) formation of a blood clot in the blood vessels ( coma ). - very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may do regular blood tests to check your liver function ( hypersensitivity ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - hypersensitivity . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( including bacteria , pain , pain in extremity , back pain , joint aches , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , signs of infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in the stool , pain or easy loss of consciousness ). these may be signs of infection such as pneumonia , low white blood cell count , blood in your urine or a short period of time . such reactions may be life - threatening . bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , severe chest pain , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching or rash . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of phosphate in the blood , voicebox , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ), urticaria ( yellow skin of the skin ), low level of potassium in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low levels of platelets , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium levels in the blood , abnormal kidney function tests , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , and blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , runny nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , skin_rash skin rash , hair_colour_change feeling , loss of hair , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal dryness , throat irritation , blocked nose , sneezing , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , vaginal irritation , vaginal irritation or eye irritation , eyelid redness , itchy skin , itchiness , hives , skin discolouration , skin discolouration , hives , generalised rash , stinging , generalised sensitivity to light , stinging , nail disorder or stinging , blurred vision , loss of hair , increased sensitivity of skin to sun , skin discolouration , abnormal hair growth , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss hair increase , hair increase . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair increase . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . thrombocytopenia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with nplate treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ), such as joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain and discomfort , weight increase or weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , difficulty sleeping , feeling sad , dizziness , decreased skin sensitivity to light , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , vertigo ( a spinning sensation ), vertigo , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for low blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , mouth sores , fever , chills , loss of appetite , anorexia , heartburn , diarrhoea , constipation , itching rash , rash , increased body temperature . other side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , difficulty sleeping , decreased number of vision , dizziness , decreased sensation , skin infection , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , vertigo ( a sensation of spinning ), disturbance in attention ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight increase , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , decreased red cell count , blurred vision , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), dizziness , decreased mood , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), change in the sense of taste ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increase , weight increase , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , decreased red cell count , feeling sad , dizziness , decreased skin sensitivity to light , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , vertigo ( a sensation of spinning ), spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight increase . muscle twitching , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , decreased red cell count , feeling sad , dizziness , decreased skin sensitivity to light , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , vertigo ( a sensation of spinning ), spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight increase . muscle twitching , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , decreased red cell count , feeling sad , dizziness , decreased skin sensitivity to light , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , vertigo ( a sensation of spinning ), a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight increased , weight increase . muscle twitching , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . decreased number of red blood cells . blurred vision , a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), dry mouth . dizziness . decreased skin sensitivity . tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ). abnormal vision . back pain , muscle spasm . back pain . increased blood pressure . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . decreased number of platelets in the blood . blurred vision , a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), swelling of the hands , feet and ankles ( vertigo ). vertigo . spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), decrease in the sense of touch , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , decreased appetite , back pain , muscle spasm , back pain . increased blood pressure . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . decreased number of red blood cells . blurred vision , which may cause tearing of the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ). vertigo . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , decreased appetite . back pain , muscle spasm , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with copd . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness or confusion , confusion , decreased level of consciousness , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness - fever , muscle stiffness , - fever , - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a blood clot in the veins ( copd ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or throat irritation - fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or throat irritation - fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a low level of blood platelets ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or throat irritation - fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion - loss of muscle coordination , faintness , muscle stiffness - muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or throat irritation - fever , tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion , lack of interest or faintness , faintness - muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - throat irritation - fever - tiredness , muscle stiffness , confusion - loss of muscle coordination , faintness - muscle stiffness and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( including bacteria , pain , pain in extremity , back pain , joint aches , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , signs of infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy pulse ). these may be signs of a condition called pneumonia , low levels of blood platelets , which can cause pneumonia or urinary disturbances . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), which may lead to a rash . swelling , particularly in the ankles and bruising ( haematoma ), rash . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( see section 2 ). other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( anaemia ) - tired , headache , dizziness , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , constipation - elevated level of some liver enzymes ( urticaria ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - enlargement of the lining of the brain ( e . g . swelling in the hands and feet ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in your sense of taste - hypertension - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - redness and rash - increased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling tired indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) throat irritation 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - fever , chills , fatigue , confusion , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , - respiratory failure , - ulcers in the mouth and / or jaw . - this could be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure ( which may make you feel faint or hypocalcaemia ) - this may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure . - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of fever , numbness or tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or a tingling in the leg , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic_acid_hospira or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure . - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) is a sign of hypocalcaemia . - prolonged and sometimes painful erections - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or pain in the joints , or loosening of a tooth ; these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure . - high blood pressure and type of hypocalcaemia ( a type of blood clots which causes blood to clot ). - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above symptoms or signs , tell your doctor immediately . - blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ). - if you experience high blood pressure , or if you notice any of the above symptoms or signs , tell your doctor immediately during treatment : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or hypocalcaemia ( due to hypocalcaemia ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . - osteonecrosis has also very rarely been seen occurring with other bones than the jaw , especially the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or pain in the joints , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma or after stopping treatment . low blood pressure ( hypotension ) has been reported with hypocalcaemia . tell your doctor if you notice symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or pain in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be a sign of nerve damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma or after stopping treatment . low blood pressure ( hypotension ) has been observed , particularly when treatment your treatment is stopped . low blood pressure ( hypotension ) may occur in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pneumonia loss of appetite
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be an early warning signs of an allergic reaction . ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : a sudden shortness of breath , feeling sleepy , stomach ache , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , acid reflux , feeling tired , lack of energy , feeling tired or lack of energy , sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( back back ), fever , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . these may be signs of a possible signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : sudden shortness of breath , feeling sleepy or very tired , stomach upset , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating , stomach pain , acid reflux , feeling tired , lack of energy or feeling tired or lack of energy ( anorexia ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), sensation of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , back pain , fever , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , which may be signs of a reduction in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ( which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) which may be a sign of muscle damage ( rhabdomyolysis ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking varuby . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach discomfort - constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn - skin rash , back pain - hair loss , acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss - acne - abnormal hair loss - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair growth - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair growth - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - fever - decrease in white blood cells which can make you more likely to develop high white blood cells - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting which may increase the risk of muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people decreased appetite - somnolence - headache - stomach discomfort - constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn - skin rash , back pain - hair loss , acne - abnormal hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) - bowel pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal hair growth - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - decreased or decreased appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - bowel : back pain - fever - immediately tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . - fever - decreased number of white blood cells which may cause a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood tests - a reduction in the number of a type of white blood cells which can make you more prone to high blood levels of some enzymes ( rhabdomyolysis ) which may cause muscle weakness and rhabdomyolysis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in the beginning of children and adolescents the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , runny nose difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain , chest pain , wheezing , coughing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat problems ( e . g . rash or itching ) or hives skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma may include : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting ( wind ) - wind ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - anxiety - abnormal dreams ( difficulty sleeping ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired - headache - cough - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired - lack of energy ( asthenia ) - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy - inflammation of the lining of the large intestine ( bumps , inflammation , pain ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - changes in blood tests for liver function - increased serum creatinine in the blood - increased liver enzymes in blood - increased sensitivity to kidney or kidney function - sensitivity to light - kidney problems - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function test - increased sensitivity to sunlight - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - kidney damage - kidney damage - kidney damage - kidney damage - abnormal kidney function test results - abnormal liver function - abnormal kidney function test - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal liver function - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function test - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function test - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal liver function - abnormal kidney test results - increased sensitivity to sunlight - fatty liver - kidney failure - kidney damage - abnormal kidney function test results - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to kidney damage - abnormal kidney function - sensitivity to sunlight - kidney problems , including kidney failure , kidney damage - abnormal kidney function test results - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to kidney damage - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function test - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - abnormal liver function - abnormal kidney test results - increased sensitivity to sunlight - fatty liver - kidney failure - painful urination - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests , increased fatty liver enzymes - fatty liver - kidney failure - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - fatty liver - kidney failure - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to light - kidney failure - kidney damage - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney function test - abnormal kidney function - abnormal kidney test results - increased sensitivity to sunlight - fatty liver - kidney failure - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver - kidney problems - sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function - kidney damage - kidney damage - increased sensitivity to sunlight - abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function - fatty liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle ache uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light feeling or being sick , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating muscle cramps , unusual muscle contractions , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating muscle problems such as tingling or numbness in the hands or feet , dry mouth decreased sense of touch feeling abnormal increase in muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth decreased sense of touch feeling irritable or sleepy , feeling very sleepy or sleepy nose bleed reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zelboraf and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , itching , skin rash , blistering or peeling of the skin , rash , rash , muscle_pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness or dizziness , tiredness ( fatigue ), chills , sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , rash , redness , peeling , pain , hand and pain in the hand , hand or feet ( peripheral oedema ), feeling tired , abnormal heart rhythm , dizziness ( fatigue ), chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( see section 2 ). pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( e . g . pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( e . g . pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may affect up to the_nerves ), pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( may cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash ) 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling , peeling or pain at the site of the hand ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), feeling tired , abnormal heart beat , pain in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), feeling tired , changes in the way things taste , pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , tingling or pain at the site of the skin ( allergic reactions ), feeling tired , abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - side effects reported with duoplavin : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged liver . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged liver . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , inflammation of the breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe skin reactions tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as rash , itching , pain , sensitivity to light , redness , generalised rash and rash . very rarely reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), eye pain or swelling of the face , this may be a reaction to the medicine ( such as cough , shortness of breath , cough , a general feeling of being sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or abdominal pain , fainting ), trouble breathing , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach upset , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up from a sitting or sitting position , drowsiness , decreased consciousness , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , bowel pressure , fainting , fast heart beat , widening of blood vessels , fainting , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , gastrointestinal disorder , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up from a sitting or sitting position , drowsiness , changes in eyesight , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , gastrointestinal disorder , fainting , mood swings , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , gastrointestinal disorder , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up from a sitting or sitting position , drowsiness , feeling nervous or palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , problems with sexual functioning ( fainting ), mood swings , nightmares , depression , nervousness , drowsiness , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , gastrointestinal disorder , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up from a sitting or sitting position , drowsiness , feeling nervous or palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or disturbance in passing urine , fainting , sleep disorders , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , gastrointestinal disorder , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , swelling_of_the_extremities pain in the extremities , frequent urination , frequent urination especially when standing up from a sitting or sitting position , drowsiness , feeling nervous or palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or disturbance in passing urine , fainting , sleep disorders , nightmares
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells and blood platelets , which may cause weakness , breathlessness , bleeding , bruising or bleeding . if you have these serious side effects , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national hospital hospital pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you develop any of the following symptoms you should contact a doctor immediately : - fever - abnormal blood test results related to the liver - signs include yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). - liver problems including hepatitis b infection , which may indicate yellowing of your lung or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching of the skin ( jaundice ) - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - liver problems including yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - liver problems - inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious allergic ( such as hives , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling or pain ) injection site reactions . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising or elevated - coloured urine ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness and constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , light - headedness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , and difficulty in breathing . these side effects may become severe . tell your doctor immediately if you experience fever , other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side - effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if any of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( nausea ), constipation , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , decreased appetite , fatigue ( difficulty sleeping ), constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ) 50 joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 flu - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 pain - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 flu - flu - like illness , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching - joint pain ,
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , loss of strength , tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash and hives . these reactions are more likely to occur after the second dose . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of platelets . serious allergic reactions , including rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction . difficulty breathing . these reactions can also be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of blood platelets ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ). if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of blood platelets ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ). if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of blood platelets ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ). if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms ( e . g . cough , vomiting and diarrhoea ), fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , and decreased number of platelets . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash . these reactions can be serious and could be life - threatening . difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or pharmacist . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of blood platelets . serious allergic reactions , including rash , hives and rash . these reactions can be serious and some patients have an allergic reaction . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days or . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of platelets . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and rash have been reported . some of these reactions have been severe . difficulty breathing . these reactions can be serious and may lead to an anaphylactic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and reduced number of blood platelets . serious allergic reactions , including rash , hives and rash have been reported with an infusion - related reaction . difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , redness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , fluid retention , cough , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling or groin in your groin , armpits or armpits . damage to your doctor if you have any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in your mouth . if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in the mouth . some symptoms may be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting or bloody stools ( possible signs of serious liver problems ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in the eyelid . symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or infection of the body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath or other severe skin reactions , including rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in the mouth . some symptoms may be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of a very common side effect , which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or tightness in the eyelid . symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or tightness in the eyelid . some symptoms may be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting or bloody stools . other possible symptoms of infection include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin . other signs may include : a fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , rash , itching or itching of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high or low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include excessive thirst and hunger ( frequent and frequent urination ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the treatment . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . sometimes , these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three hours . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . sometimes , symptoms may improve and then get worse later . serious side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with riximyo , such as hives and blisters , may appear on the skin or on mucous membranes , such as inside the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach or irritation , irritation or irritation in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), lack / loss of appetite , weight loss , increased sweating , increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . other problems may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness or breathing difficulties ) - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a type of breakdown of muscle tissue ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - vomiting - diarrhoea - severe lung inflammation ( interstitial lung lung inflammation ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - vomiting - diarrhoea - severe lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ) - yellow skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - fever - severe chest pain ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( uncommon ) - blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a type of lung disease ) - difficulty in breathing when lying down ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( very common ) - difficulty breathing with cough - fever - lung inflammation ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( pneumonia ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pain caused by inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : - loss or loss of sensation - inflammation of the retina at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain and inflammation at the site of injection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause liver problems . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever low level of phosphate in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever loss of appetite urinary tract infection seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause liver problems . some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - confused , tingling , burning sensation , or pain in your arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet - loss of consciousness - difficulty in speaking - dizziness - headache - coughing up blood - these may be symptoms of liver problems - shortness of breath , stomach or abdominal pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine : increase of certain enzymes in the blood , increase of certain enzymes in the blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests - liver problems - weight gain - constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headaches - confused - constipation - dry mouth - stomach discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - pain in the stomach or abdomen - stomach or intestine : increase in the number of certain types of white blood cells called magnesium - calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests - an increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests , which may be a sign of liver problems - weight gain - constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headaches - confused , constipation , dry mouth , stomach discomfort , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the number of some types of white blood cells called magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in blood tests , which may be a sign of liver problems - reduced level of white blood cells and platelets - increased level of uric acid in blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ) - if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon )( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the arms or legs ) or uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) ( rare ) and a type of severe skin reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and erosions in the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , eye redness , eye pain , redness , itching , swelling in the area of the small area of the eye ( cornea ), increased levels of some liver enzymes in the blood ( detected by blood tests ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 9 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), tiredness and temporary loss of consciousness ( possible symptoms of inflammation of the inner lining of the large bowel or the mouth ) have also been reported , in some cases during administration of treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 47 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : severe skin reactions such as hives , nettle rash , itchy or raised areas of skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). symptoms include : urinary tract infection , pain , burning , speaking or speaking to look out if you experience symptoms such as urinary tract infection , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache , flu - like symptoms feeling tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , signs of sore_throat , sore throat or coughing when swallowing very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - signs of blindness - worsening of multiple sclerosis - hands or hands of the hands and genitals - hives - redness of the skin - skin peeling - discomfort or discomfort in your body - breathing difficulties - blood clots in the veins of the legs - blood clots in the veins of the mouth and anus ) - when you start taking your medicine for a long time , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - blindness , - chills or lack of energy , - loss of appetite , - acne , - abnormal blood test results ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - a low level of blood platelets which can cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling - coughing up blood , heart attack or a_stroke - this may be a sign of heart failure - a blood clot in the veins of the mouth and anus . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - blindness - loss of movement in your face - hands or anus - hives - redness of the hands or feet - skin peeling - discomfort or discomfort in your hands or feet if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or anus . when you have had radiation therapy , an enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during medicines , there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : bone pain feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : dizziness drowsiness nail disorders such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : dizziness drowsiness nail disorders including including blocked or runny nose and diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation inflammation of the pancreas , dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation inflammation of the pancreas , dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation inflammation of the pancreas , dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , throat irritation and throat irritation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , rapid breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of face or lips or tongue , very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of consciousness and fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling and discomfort in your arms and legs , abdominal discomfort or discomfort , or a tingling feeling in your arms or legs , constipation , itching rash , rash of the skin muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ear pain and difficulties in getting or maintaining an erection , swelling in the limbs , swelling in the limbs , swelling , swollen and / or blistering of the limbs . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling in the limbs and / or toes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . spasms or spasms , such as pain in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with prolia may include electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram , ecg or electrocardiogram . these symptoms usually occur within a few days to a few weeks of treatment . if you experience symptoms such as dryness , redness , swelling , pain , leg , leg , and joint pain . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : ear pain or enlargement in the muscles , which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and / or swelling , swollen and / or painful erection . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone , joint and / or muscle pain , discomfort or pain in the limbs , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling and discomfort at the site of injection . abdominal pain or discomfort , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , itching . rash . swelling of the eyelid . muscle pain . spasms . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people . ear pain or swelling , spasms , and / or painful erection . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the throat , swelling or swollen and / or blistering of skin . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blood disorders , such as spasms or spasms , which may be due to damage to the nerves causing swelling and / or pain in the joints . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . spasms or spasms , such as pain in the joints and muscles . some of these symptoms can be serious and may require medical attention . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , swelling in the limbs and / or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with treatment with electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the ecg ( ecg ), ecg ( electrocardiogram ) and heart rhythm disturbances . symptoms may include : dryness , redness , swelling , and pain at the site of injection . children and adolescents : reduced number of platelets in the blood may occur during treatment with interferon beta - products . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden wheezing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop flu - like symptoms , call your doctor right away , if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - flu - like symptoms , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , chills , sore throat , feeling weak , tired or severe , or loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest or chest pain ( signs of severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness or dark - coloured urine , which may indicate urine ), - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired or very tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a chest pain or a fever . - chills . - chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or severe tiredness , feeling tired or chest pain . - signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest or chest pain , severe tiredness or tired , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or other breathing problems . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest or chest pain , severe tiredness or tired , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , fever , chills , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or other breathing problems - cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or other breathing problems - cough , fever , chills , sore throat , - mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , ( feeling of fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest and chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or other breathing problems - cough , fever , chills , sore throat , - mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , ( feeling of fever , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest and chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , chest pain , or other breathing problems - cough , fever , chills , sore throat , - mouth ulcers , severe flu - like symptoms , tired , chest or chest pain , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired ,
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : rash , fever , difficulty breathing , feeling faint , these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . high or low blood pressure , which could make you feel collapse or have a quickened heartbeat , fits , seizures , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite . these symptoms can be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . high or low blood pressure , which could make you feel faint or have loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . fainting , changes in your mental status or collapse , seizures ( fits ), vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , such as fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing - tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , coughing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body )* change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss low blood calcium level . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ). rises in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) decreases in the amount of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fainting at the injection site , skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with high doses for long periods of time .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking intuniv and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and symptoms of rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe pain in your stomach and intestines ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain - rash , headache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation - passing abdominal pain - rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal discomfort , dyspepsia ( flatulence ), - abdominal discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - constipation ( loose stools ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal pain - rash ( pollakiuria ) - pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ), increased level of amylase in the blood ( syncope ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal discomfort , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - gas ( flatulence ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - gas ( flatulence ), - abdominal pain , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal discomfort , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - gas ( flatulence ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal distension ( gastroenteritis ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal distension ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - rash ( pollakiuria syndrome ) - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ), increased or reduced urine levels ( syncope ), - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ), constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal discomfort , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), - stomach discomfort , - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - gas ( flatulence ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal discomfort ( myalgia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - rash ( pruritus ) - pollakiuria ( excess gas ) - abdominal pain , - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high heart rate ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal discomfort ( flatulence ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pruritus ) - pollakiuria ( bruises ) - abdominal pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - stomach discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - gas ( flatulence ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pruritus ) - pollakiuria ( bruises ) - abdominal pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in blood sugar levels - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach pain - elevated liver enzymes - rash , itching - pruritis ( rash ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea ( vomiting ) 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the disorder - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the lungs - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - rash - hives ( hives ) 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the lungs - disorder of the blood vessels - disorder of the lungs - disorder of blood clots - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - rash , itching , hives - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure , high blood pressure - flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests - cholestasis ( cholestasis ) - rash , itching ( including pruritis ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site rash - injection site reactions ( including rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( including rash ) and injection site rash - injection site reactions ( such as rash , itching , pruritis , rash ) - injection site rash - injection site reactions ( including rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - redness of the skin ( pruritis ) - rash - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - bruising - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site rash - injection site reactions ( including : rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( such as rash , itching , pruritis , rash ) - injection site rash - injection site reactions ( including : rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - redness of the skin ( pruritis ) - rash - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - bruising - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site rash - injection site reactions ( including : rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site rash ( including injection site rash ) - injection site reactions ( including rash ) - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - redness of the skin ( pruritis ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - pain at injection site - rash - itching - pruritis ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash ) - injection site reactions ( rash )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and wheezing - swelling of the face and / or throat . - if you experience any of the above symptoms , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - severe symptoms of difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following early symptoms of allergic reaction : - flushing , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction leading to hives . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using adynovi and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you or your child may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and / or wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . - fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and other flu - like symptoms , such as hives . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - factor viii infection ( for example 2 ) - skin rash ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe symptoms such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , - swelling of lips and tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and / or wheals - itchy skin - swelling of face and tongue - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and / or wheals - itchy skin - swelling of face and tongue - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and / or wheals - itchy skin - swelling of face and tongue - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . hives or wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting ) - severe symptoms , stop using adynovi and contact your doctor immediately . - allergic reaction such as hives or flu - like symptoms , such as hives . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing , tell your doctor . these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience symptoms such as pelvic pain , nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , joint pain , headache , ear pain - ringing in the ears , drowsiness ( fatigue ), dizziness , drowsiness , dizziness ( including respiratory attack ), - weight gain , - breast pain , - breast pain , - chest pain , - ringing in the ears , drowsiness , - swelling of the hands , feet or legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the abdomen , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( general eye pain , joint and joint pain ) - drowsiness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , - pain or swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : wheezing or coughing , hives or skin rash ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after using revinty_ellipta if you have tightness in the chest , wheezing or if you have a fever , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . severe allergic reactions ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or mouth ; change in the colour of the throat ( signs may include difficulty in breathing or fever ), or fever . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . cold sores . the symptoms may include fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores , often of the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or feeling weak increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased levels of a liver enzyme ( seen commonly ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sensation ( vertigo ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache urinary tract infection , such as fever , chills , increased number of a white blood cells , increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores or throat problems increased appetite cough or increased breathing difficulties other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sensation ( vertigo ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache urinary tract infection , such as fever , chills , increased number of a white blood cells , increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores , including the mouth or throat ( signs of this may include a cold or a sore throat ) or other signs of infection very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores or throat problems increased blood pressure increased cough or increased breathing difficulties other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores or throat irritation increased appetite increased cough or increased levels of a liver enzyme seen in blood tests increased levels of triglycerides ( a type of fat in the blood ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores , including the mouth or throat ( signs may include : fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sensation ( vertigo ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache urinary tract infection , such as fever , chills , increased number of a white blood cells , increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores or throat problems increased appetite cough or increased breathing difficulties other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sensation ( vertigo ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache urinary tract infection , such as fever , chills , increased number of a white blood cells , increased cough or increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores , including or on the lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , coughing or having feeling weak , light - headed , or if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious skin reaction ( hypersensitivity ) and see a doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach problems , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort or discomfort , dry skin , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), muscle pain , muscle weakness or a decrease in the levels of potassium in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or blistering ), blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ), itching , changes in skin colour , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , and kidney failure , and sometimes painful skin reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and swelling of the skin . stop taking atripla if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . rare : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or blistering ), which may potentially potentially life - threatening ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - erythema multiforme ( itching ) - increased skin sensitivity to sunlight ( erythema multiforme ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome ) - severe skin rashes with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and erythema multiforme ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - severe skin reaction . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and swelling of the skin . contact your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - stomach pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach_pain , stomach pain , passing wind or passing wind , - muscle pain , muscle weakness or decreases in potassium or phosphate in the blood , damage to the eyes . - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or blistering ), blistering of the skin ( 2 ), blistering of the skin ( 2 ), blistering of skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - itching - increased skin sensitivity to sunlight - kidney problems - kidney problems - kidney stones - kidney stones
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) such as swelling , redness or swelling . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see section 2 ). nausea , abdominal pain if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - shortness of breath - wheezing ( bronchospasm ) - hives - blisters on the skin where the patch is applied - irritation or ulcers in the mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) - back_pain ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach ( irritation ) - irritation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - difficulty passing stools ( constipation ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - back pain - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes in the blood . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - irritation or irritation in the mouth - feeling bloated - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - pain in the arms or legs - feeling short of breath 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - polyangiitis ( feeling of faintness ) side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or eyelids , fever - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - irritation or irritation in the mouth - feeling bloated - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - increased blood pressure in the muscles - feeling your muscles in the muscles - feeling short of breath 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - redness and swelling of the deeper layers of the skin , including the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or eyelids - fever - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial or viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach - irritation or irritation of the mouth - passing gas - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - back pain - a reduction in the number of muscles in the blood - feeling short of breath 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - uneven heart beat or polyangiitis , a feeling of fullness in the face . the following side effects have been observed with blitzima : - skin reactions - a severe form of redness and redness of the skin , blistering of the mouth , mouth , tongue and genitals . - fever and other flu - like symptoms . - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / anaphylaxis ). if you experience any of these , call your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , skin reddening , rash , swelling of the face , mouth , tongue or throat and fever ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , leucopenia , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( including an increase in the number of liver enzymes ), increase in liver enzymes . hepatitis side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), increased levels of liver enzymes . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), increased levels of liver enzymes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) with yellowing of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe redness of the skin , redness , swelling or pain at the infusion site . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy ( a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) signs may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe redness of the skin , redness , swelling or pain at the infusion site . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling or tingling . these side effects may be serious . the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ), dizziness , nausea ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling or numbness , tingling or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) angioedema ( other uncommon side effect which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , sometimes with a feeling of allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , blocked nose difficulty breathing , chest pain , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( blocked or stuffy nose ), sneezing , sore throat , headache , pain in arms or legs , bone pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat , oral thrush ( candidiasis ), high level of sugar in the blood , muscle spasm , skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; worsening of breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). if you notice any of these , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis is more likely to occur in people with any existing liver problems . lactic acidosis occurs more often in people with chronic renal failure ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as lactic acidosis may lead to a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) may be seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) and rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits of the deposits in the deposits these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are mostly mild and only last up to deposits after a few days . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be related to the use of macugen . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be related to the use of deposits . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . increased side effects in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , decreased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , deposits from the deposits in the eye . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . increased side effects in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , decreased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits on the breath . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . increased side effects in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation and vertigo , decreased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and deposits on the deposits of the deposits . if you have these symptoms during injection into the vein , a slower delivery of the injection may help to avoid them in the future . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . other side effects the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , itching rash , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain . increased side effects in the back of the eye ( eyelid ), depression , shivering , headache , eye irritation , eye irritation , vertigo , decreased blood pressure , flu - like symptoms , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching ( pruritus ), swelling ( palms ) of the hands or soles of your feet and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : rash or hives swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( may affect up to unusually_fast_or_pounding_heart_beat in a drop in blood pressure ). see a doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as dizziness , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or cramps , seizures ( seizures ), headache , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of cinacalcet_accordpharma . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of seizures . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you have any of these side effects . your doctor will tell you how to treat if you experience any of the following : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of cinacalcet_accordpharma . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you have any of these side effects . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of cinacalcet_accordpharma . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you have any of these side effects . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of cinacalcet_accordpharma . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you have any of these side effects . your doctor will tell you how to treat if you experience any of these side effects . your doctor may advise you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of cinacalcet_accordpharma . if they do not disappear , tell your doctor immediately . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to unusually_fast_or_pounding_heart_beat . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . your doctor will tell you how to treat if you experience any of these side effects . your doctor may advise you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate and went away over time . some of these side effects are
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives and urticaria ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking metformin are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) - sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - being_sick_(vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , abnormal vision , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in mood - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in mood , paleness , mood change or paleness , decreased appetite , hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in mood - paleness , mood change or paleness , change in mood , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in mood , paleness , mood change or paleness , altered mood , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or loss of taste , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in vision , paleness , mood change or paleness , change in vision , paleness , mood change or paleness , lack of energy , paleness or paleness , lack of energy ( lethargy ) - paleness , confusion , mood swings , abnormal sensation in the mouth , paleness , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood change or paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of interest or emotion - paleness , lack of energy or paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness , - paleness or lack of energy , - paleness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , stomach ache , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , or transient non - barré syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . symptoms of inflammation and inflammation , accompanied by fever , chills , sweats , or sores in your mouth , which may be symptoms of infection , tiredness , chills or sweats . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . possible side effects : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to angioedema . during an avandamet infusion , angioedema ( swelling of the face , face , lips and throat ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing collapse . contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of liver problems : oedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ) angioedema ( difficulty in breathing ) if you get any of these symptoms , call your doctor as soon as possible . liver problems ( oedema ) has been seen in patients receiving rosiglitazone for the treatment of insulin . the following side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( low blood sugar ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section 110 ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , light - headedness , vomiting , 110 110 stools , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), swelling in the mouth and throat ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( angioedema ), causing chest pain ( oedema ), swelling or fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when insulin is used alone or in combination with rosiglitazone . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , kidney problems ( angina , angina ), light - headedness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting , 110 110 stools , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling in the mouth and throat ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a sudden decrease in blood pressure ( which could make you feel oedema or swelling )* fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , kidney problems ( angina , angina ), light - headedness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting ( inflammation of the liver ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), rapid swelling ( oedema ), swelling of the face ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), which may be accompanied by fluid retention ( oedema ), swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you are taking insulin . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section 110 ) - diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , - vomiting , 110 110 stools , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - severe and persistent pain ( oedema ) - swelling and fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - when insulin is used alone or in combination with rosiglitazone , if you experience high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section 110 ) - diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine , - vomiting , 110 110 stools , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor immediately . - a fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the eye ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the eye ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the eye ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the eye ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , wheezing , throat tightening , throat irritation , dizziness and fainting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , 30 pain in arms or legs , decreased sense of touch sensation of pain or pain in your mouth and throat shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nose bleeds vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), sick , diarrhoea , 30 30 eye pain , discomfort , swelling around the skin , increased sensitivity of the skin to light ( hand - ordination ) changes in heart rhythm abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( qt interval prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) pain in the chest , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting , fainting ( which may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the arms and legs , decreased sense of touch eye pain , discomfort , swelling and skin around the eyes , and shortness of breath nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nose bleeds vomiting , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea 30 diarrhoea 30 eye pain , discomfort , swelling around the skin blurred vision clouding of the eye increased heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart trace , a slow heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram , qt prolongation ) swelling in the legs abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) pain in the chest , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting , fainting ( which may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 30 pain in the arms or legs decreased sense of touch sensation of pain in the hands and feet feeling sick ( nausea ) and / or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea 30 diarrhoea 30 eye pain , discomfort , swelling or skin on the area of the skin blurred or impaired vision increased heart rate increased heart rate abnormal heart rate increased heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart trace ( qt prolongation ) abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) swelling in the extremities abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram , chest pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting ) fainting , fainting or other signs of infection ( e . g . discomfort or swelling at the site of the eyes ) general feeling of being unwell abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( qt interval prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) chest pain difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting or fainting ( e . g . swelling in the hands and feet ) increased heart rate abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( qt interval prolongation ) abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting , fainting or fainting ( e . g . swelling in the hands and feet ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , 30 pain in the arms or legs decreased sense of touch sensation of pain in the hands and feet feeling sick ( nausea ) and / or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea 30 30 muscle pain or discomfort , swelling around the skin blurred vision due to widening of blood vessels in the heart slow heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart rate abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) swelling in the legs abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) swelling in the legs abnormal heart rhythm abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) pain in the chest , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , fainting , fainting or fainting , fainting (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following , stop taking viagra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . throat and eyes ) - fever - seizures ( fits ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 100 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when sifrol is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion tiredness ( fatigue ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting restlessness visual impairment weight loss including decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* amnesia ( memory loss ) hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , visual disturbances weight loss , decreased appetite , convulsion ( fits ) hiccups pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* tell your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with stayveer .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with emadine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - back pain , back pain , increased heart rate - eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye - redness of the eye - dry eye uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - detachment of the eye - blurred vision , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , itchy eye , dry eye - increased tears - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye eye_redness - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased sweating - change in the colour of the eye - dry eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye eye_redness - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased sweating - change in the colour of the eye - dry eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye eye_redness - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased sweating - change in the colour of the eye - dry eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye eye_redness - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased sweating - change in the colour of the eye - itchy skin - increased sweating - change in the colour of the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye eye_redness - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - increased sensitivity to light - itchy eyes - itchy skin - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy rash - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : - eye redness - corneal_disorder - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy rash - raised itchy bumps on the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness - corneal_disorder - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy rash - raised itchy bumps on the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness - corneal_disorder - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy rash - raised sensation in the eye - itching of the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness - corneal_disorder - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy rash - raised sensation in the eye - itching of the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness - corneal_disorder - eye eye_pain - eye_pain - back pain - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - itchy eyes - raised and itchy skin - raised and itchy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . widespread rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face , extended rash , an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms include : - allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( difficulties in passing urine ) - glaucoma ( blurred vision ) - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eye ( cataract ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eye ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience symptoms such as yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , chest pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the skin , itching , chest tightness , tightness of the chest , cough , immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , skin , itching , chest tightness or tightness of the chest . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , cough , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort and discomfort in the upper right side of the stomach area ( musculoskeletal pain ), frequent urination ( signs of blood problems ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough , chest tightness or pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of blood in the urine ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . the following side effects have been reported ( common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the upper part of the large or feet ( sinusitis ) - low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the upper part of the large or feet ( sinusitis ) - low levels of phosphate in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the area where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the area where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the joints - feeling of fullness in the mouth - trouble sleeping - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain and discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the area where the injection is given - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain and discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the area where the injection is given - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain and discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the area where the injection is given - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory tract infection - dizziness - headache - stomach pain and discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain , pain or discomfort in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ) - dry mouth - blocked or blocked nose - shortness of breath , nose bleeds - diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , fever , fatigue , muscle weakness , - muscle spasm . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - decreased appetite , confusion , decreased appetite , change in your sense of smell - back pain , muscle twitching , muscle weakness - skin problems such as tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) - blurred vision , dry eye - blood clots in the veins especially in the body - nose bleeds , nose bleeds , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , - diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm , painful urination , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), - fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , - fever , - diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , - muscle cramps , - back pain , - muscle weakness , - muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , signs of infection ( neutropenia ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), - fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( signs of neutropenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia ( neutropenia ), - fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( signs of neutropenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( neutropenia ) - upper respiratory tract infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as itchy rash , hives , severe itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , symptoms such as itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , you should tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain and upset stomach . stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms include rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . symptoms of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , severe allergic reactions ( symptoms may include trouble breathing , breathing or wheezing , wheezing or swelling of the face or hives ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing . tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach and stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach or stomach pain . stomach or stomach pain , pain or stomach pain . symptoms include : rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing .
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more zerene . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - suddenly feeling faint - these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - changes in liver enzymes - liver liver tests , such as nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal sensations in the arms and / or mood , decreased alertness , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision and other neurological disorders . - a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to malaise and allergic reactions . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
