like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of incivo alone are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding at the site of injection ( gastroenteritis ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness - fatigue - fever - fatigue - feeling hot these may be signs of a drop in the level of potassium in your blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - fever - fatigue - feeling hot ( see above ) - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness - fatigue - fever - fatigue - loss of strength ( asthenia ) - decreased level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness - fatigue - inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - rash - swelling of the face , hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - your doctor will tell you how to treat this . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with peginterferon_alfa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the inner lining of the mouth ( thrush ) - decreased level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness - fatigue - inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - abnormal blood test results ( increased protein in the urine ) - rash - swelling of the face - hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - your doctor will tell you how to treat this . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with peginterferon_alfa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the inner lining of the mouth ( thrush ) - decreased level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness - fatigue - inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - rash - swelling of the face , hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start zinbryta . if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of zinbryta , seek medical advice immediately . in some cases these death may be serious and may lead to death . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - feel dizzy , feel dizzy or have fits - these may be signs of liver problems - liver problems - itchy or itchy skin ( lymphadenopathy ) - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( rhinitis ) - dark coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ) - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( rhinitis ) - dark coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ) - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( rhinitis ) - bleeding from the whites of the eyes ( rhinitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ) - colds ( respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal sore sinus ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal sore sinus ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal sore sinus ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - runny nose ( sore throat ) - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat - runny nose (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1,000 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data using this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). hypoglycaemia may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to hypoglycaemia . symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face and / or throat . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) acute_coronary_syndrome very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fluid build - up unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) common ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased blood pressure . the signs may include hives ( urticaria ), itching , swelling of your face , hands , feet or feet . bleeding : if you experience bruising , bleeding from the gums , bleeding or swelling , bruising , bleeding or swelling at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown : if you experience swelling or bleeding at the application site , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience swelling , bleeding at the application site , bleeding at the site of injection , or swelling at the site of injection . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , itching , difficulty breathing or symptoms , swelling of the face with difficulty breathing can sometimes be serious . swelling , stinging and stinging at the injection site may occur . these complications are usually mild or moderate . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalization . during an afinitor infusion , pain , swelling , palms , palms or hands of the hands and soles of your feet and feet , dark urine ( tea coloured ) urine , pale skin , weight loss and decreased blood pressure ( which may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): unusual bruising , bruising , extreme weakness , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased urine output , weight loss , urinary tract infection , and a rise in blood pressure on standing which may lead to a collection of blood clots in the lung . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . increased bruising , bruising , extreme weakness , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , dizziness , irritability , fluid in the face and / or throat . serious infection caused by bruising , swelling and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation ( including hand and feet ). fluid retention ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), decreased white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , swollen face , abnormal sensation in the mouth . elevated liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased liver enzymes in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased liver enzymes . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood . increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased bilirubin in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be severe and life - threatening . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest or chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious sudden allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious sudden allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious sudden allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( angioedema ) - some side effects can be serious . - some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - urinary tract infection - decreased appetite - headache - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain at the injection site - 38 - injection site reactions ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - other side effects some side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe skin reactions other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin rash other side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the skin and skin rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin reactions other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects after taking this medicine : - sudden decrease or loss of hearing - headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness ,
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you experience any of the following signs of bleeding : bruising , swelling , warmth , swelling , patches , swelling , patches on the skin or around the skin , nose bleeds , blood in the urine , changes in skin colour , changes in skin colour including thinning of skin and eyes ( signs of skin infection ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , paleness uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , increase in blood pressure and a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy syndrome ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal sensation in the mouth and lips . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , diabetes or a condition called " diabetes " not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which can result in infection ) fluid retention in the arms and legs other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal sensation in the mouth and / or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , or other types of diabetes , which may be due to a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare disease which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include swelling , redness , tingling , or weakness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , increase in blood pressure , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal sensation in the mouth and lips . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , diabetes , or other types of diabetes , which may be due to a loss of some of the skin ( a condition known as guillain - barré syndrome ) a condition in which the immune system attacks your body may not have enough red blood cells . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal sensation in the mouth and / or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , or other types of diabetes , which may be due to a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare disease which may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing immediately . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling , redness , bruising , bleeding , bruising , paleness , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling_of_the_lips,_mouth,_throat_or_eyes) , swollen joints swelling of the face and throat . sudden decrease or loss of immediately . immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face or throat . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal results of fluid in the body . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , diabetes or a history of diabetes with diabetes or a history of diabetes , a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal results of fluid in the body . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the skin , fainting , diabetes , diabetes , or other types of diabetes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): lack of interest , swinging vision , flashes of light sensitivity , watery eyes , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light burning sensation , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light burning sensation , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light burning sensation , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light burning sensation , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased tear production , watery eyes , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased tear production , failure_to_ejaculate_during_sexual_intercourse nerve damage , watery eyes , eye floaters , eye floaters , ear floaters , ear congestion , ear congestion , ear congestion , ear congestion , painful flashes of light , small red spots on the eye , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood clots painful blood vessels , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light increased sensitivity to light burning sensation , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood clots painful blood vessels , painful flashes of light sensitivity to light sensitivity to light nerve damage , vein damage , blood clots in the veins , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid collection in the middle ear , fluid collection , collection of fluid around the eye , small blood vessels painful , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , fluid collection in the middle ear , fluid collection in the middle ear , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels painful , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , fluid collection in urine , fluid collection in urine , fluid collection in urine , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels painful , painful , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , painful urination , painful urination , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , painful urination , painful urination , presence of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , presence of fluid around the ear , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , presence of fluid around the ear , fluid collection in the middle ear , small blood vessels , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid collection in the middle ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , collection of fluid around the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful urination , presence of blood in urine , presence of fluid around the eye , painful flashes of light , small vaginal bleeding , presence of blood in semen , presence of fluid around the eye , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , painful flashes of light with floaters , small blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or lung disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , inability to obtain an erection , changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 33 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the urinary system ( e . g . numbness , tingling , and paraesthesia ) headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , loose stools , decreased appetite , indigestion , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , hair loss , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark urine ( tea coloured ) skin growth , nail disorder abnormal vaginal bleeding , increased hair growth uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) and platelets ( a type of blood cell that helps the blood to clot ) decreased sex drive , hallucination , hallucination , decreased mood , confusion , disorientation , speech disorder , abnormal eye movement , change in vision , loss of memory , memory impairment , difficulty in speaking , problems with speech , loss of hearing , abnormal eye movement , decreased eye pressure , reduced vein sensation , asthma , asthma , burning sensation in the arms and legs , hair loss , acne , lack of energy , pain in arms or legs , back or jaw pain , lack of energy , fever , collection of fluid in the face , pain in arms or legs , lack of energy , fever , collection of fluid in the belly , pain , increased sweating , pain in arms or legs , bone pain , bone pain , weakness , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , pain in arms or legs , muscular weakness , fever , weakness ( asthenia ), pain or pain in extremity , pain in arms or legs , muscular weakness , fever , actinic keratosis , pain , weakness , weakness , pain , or pain in hands or feet , pain in extremity , arms or legs , loss of strength , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the limbs , pain in arms or legs , lack of energy , fever , weakness , enlargement of pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the limbs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , weakness , weakness , weakness , pain , or pain in hands and feet , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms or legs increased sweating , fever , weakness ( asthenia ), pain or pain in hands or feet , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , weakness , pain , or pain in hands or feet , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , legs , muscles or joints uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood inappropriate secretion of a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) suicidal thoughts , hallucination , hallucination , mood swings , confusion , disorientation , speech disorder , abnormal eye movement , sound in the ears , ear discomfort , feeling of coldness in your chest , decreased vision , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , ear pain , asthma , asthma , burning sensation in the arms and legs , hair loss , acne , loss of menstrual periods leakage of fluid from the breasts , small vaginal bleeding , breast enlargement , painful periods , general weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain , increased sensitivity to heat , pain , heat , pain , pain in extremity , hair loss , acne , loss of menstrual periods , pain in arms , legs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs and joints , joint or joint pain , fever , actinic keratosis , pain , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the limbs , pain in extremity , arms or legs , lack of energy , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , pain in arms or legs , facial pain , weakness , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , pain in extremity , arms or legs , lack of energy , fever , weakness , weakness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular cramps , abnormal sense of taste , inability to obtain an erection , changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 people . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given by your child ' s doctor . the signs may include large - scale skin reactions ( toxic epidermal necrolysis or stevens - johnson syndrome ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count pain , irritation or sores in your mouth vomiting vomiting diarrhoea_nausea skin rash hair loss tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral infection inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) muscle weakness ( myalgia ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , including pain in the joints and / or legs ( oedema peripheral ) infection of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and covers the white of the eye dry mouth inflammation of the small vessels of the eyelids , small red or purple spots caused by inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and covers the white of the eye dry mouth inflammation of the small vessels of the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and eyelids with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density inflammation of the lining around the heart and death of tubular epithelial cells ( see also " warnings and precautions "). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop using immunogam and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , - sudden drop in blood pressure and dizziness , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - chest tightness - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling mainly of the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - chest tightness - feeling faint . - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face , face or face - breathing difficulties - water retention - allergic reactions the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction : the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 , 000 people ) - swelling around the face , lips , face or face - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , face or face - chest tightness - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction . the most
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction - the signs may include : - a fever , fever , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , breathing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , lupus - like symptoms , which are potentially life threatening and life threatening allergic reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " d " and see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " d " and see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking remicade and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and sores in the mouth , as there may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or peeling skin , with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the body , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of remicade , seek medical advice from your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , breathing difficulties or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , lupus - like symptoms , which may be life threatening and require treatment . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pale skin - blisters , peeling of your eyes , fever or breathing problems - having difficulty breathing or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( lupus - like symptoms , which may be life - threatening , - breathing difficulties or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue , lupus - like symptoms , - loss_of_consciousness , loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters , peeling of the skin , fever , breathing problems , fever ) - swelling , redness or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ). - swelling of hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - oral candidiasis ( oral candidiasis ) - loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) - fever - breathing difficulties - difficulties in breathing - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face and / or throat - lupus - like symptoms , including lupus - like symptoms , which may be life - threatening , - confused or loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel pale , confused , irritable , confused or loss of consciousness , or low blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - fever , chills , warm or red spots on the skin , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), swollen legs , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) - reduced sharpness of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause blisters or peeling of the skin - fever - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - collapse - breathing difficulties - a drop in blood pressure ( shock ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to placebo . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking rasagiline_mylan and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience an allergic reaction including symptoms such as swollen face , tongue or pharynx , chest pain , feeling of faintness , confusion or hallucinations , as these may be symptoms of a lung problem called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking rasagiline_mylan and tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , difficulty sleeping , decreased appetite , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , feeling hot , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , changes in blood sugar , decreased blood potassium , decreased blood potassium , decreased blood potassium , melanoma ( a type of white blood cell ) and hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , decreased blood potassium , increased blood sugar , melanoma ( a type of white blood cell ) and hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , increased blood bilirubin , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ), blood clotting disorders , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): melanoma , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or swelling ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ), vomiting , nausea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , bloating , wind ( flatulence ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the legs or arms , eyelid , redness , swelling , inflammation , bruising or inflammation ( signs of gastrointestinal inflammation ) upper respiratory tract infection ( common , herpes zoster infection of the eyelid , nose , sinuses or hands ), urinary tract infection , pneumonia , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , feeling faint , feeling faint , feeling faint , low blood pressure , fast heart beat ( angina ), low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , abdominal distension , indigestion , discomfort or discomfort in the stomach , discomfort or fatty_lumps , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of the eyelid , rash , redness of the skin , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , feeling hot , feeling less hungry or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the skin , eye_redness sensation , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the eyelid , eye_redness , feeling hot , feeling less hungry , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , eye_redness , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , eye_redness , insomnia , anxiety , memory impairment , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , eye_redness , insomnia , anxiety , memory impairment , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , fatty_lumps , insomnia , anxiety , memory impairment , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and changes in heart rhythm ( angina ) or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and abnormal heart rhythm ( angina ) or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to touch , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , memory impairment , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to touch , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , insomnia , anxiety ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain or shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following , stop taking erleada and tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain or shortness of breath with or without fever , - flu - like symptoms , signs of liver problems ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest chest pain or discomfort , collection of fluid around the body , fever , flu - like symptoms , urinary tract infection , ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the outer layer of the body - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . - peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of skin that appear under the body . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms after treatment with erleada : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain - blisters , peeling , peeling or peeling of the body - severe allergic reactions ( erythema multiforme , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - collection of fluid around the body , peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of your body - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . - peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of skin that appear under the skin . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms after treatment with erleada : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain - blisters , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - collection of fluid around the body , peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of your body - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . - peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of skin that appear under the skin . - serious allergic reactions , including difficulty in breathing , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms after treatment with erleada : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain - blisters , peeling , peeling or peeling of the body - severe allergic reactions ( erythema multiforme , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - collection of fluid in the body - peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of your body - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the lung . - peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of skin that appear under the skin . - serious skin reactions including erythema multiforme ( may affect up to 1 in in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - fever - shortness of breath - chest pain - discomfort - collection of fluid around the body , peeling , peeling and peeling of the top layer of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible : - if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - in clinical studies with axumin in combination with cancer . - if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ) these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). in clinical studies and post - marketing experience , the following side effects have been observed with axumin : uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): side effects in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer were : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , increased sexual drive , blurred vision , eye swelling , increased sensitivity to light , decreased_growth or light sensitivity , feeling nervous , nervousness , irritability , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , eye sensitivity , problems with your bowel or ringing in your vision , tremor , feeling nervous , difficulty with speaking , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal coordination or sensation in mouth , runny nose , sore throat , hair loss , itchy skin , itchy_skin_rash , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , depressed mood , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , changes in vision , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , depressed mood , nightmare , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , blurred vision , eye sensitivity , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal dreams , redness_of_the_eye , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , depressed mood , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , blurred vision , eye sensitivity , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal dreams , swollen or painful limbs , runny nose , dry skin , itchy skin , itching , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight including asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal coordination or sensation in the mouth , runny nose , hair loss , dry skin , itchy skin , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight including asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal feeling in the mouth , runny nose , hair loss , dry skin , itchy skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , depressed mood , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , depressed mood , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , abnormal coordination , tingling sensation , runny or blocked nose , skin irritation , hair loss , itchy skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight including asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : low blood sugar , fever , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 for more information and what to do before you take forxiga ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . other signs of low blood sugar : fever , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling very anxious , feeling sleepy or having no tiredness . these signs generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be signs of a urinary tract infection called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . warning signs of low blood sugar : headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat , feeling hungry ( signs of a low blood sugar ) may occur very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) other signs of low blood sugar : headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry ( see section 2 under " low blood sugar levels ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . common : low blood sugar , headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat , feeling hungry ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache and sleepiness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , feeling nervous , difficulty sleeping , feeling drowsy , sudden loss of consciousness , chest pain , chest pain , chest discomfort , pain , redness , swelling , itching at the injection site , hair loss , burning , pain , inflammation and inflammation at the infusion site , hair loss , burning , pain or inflammation at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , decreased appetite , decreased white blood cells and decreased platelets in the blood , damage to infection , infection , fever , chills , shivering , drowsiness , blurred vision , sensitivity to light , burning sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , general_discomfort , pricking , burning sensation , burning , pricking , burning , shaking , blurred_vision , blurred vision , eye swelling , general_discomfort , pricking , burning sensation , burning , pricking or shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , general_discomfort , pricking , burning sensation , burning , pricking or shaking shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , general_discomfort , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , pricking , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , general_discomfort , pricking , burning sensation , burning , pricking or shaking shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye infection , burning , pricking , burning , burning sensation , shaking , blurred_vision , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes / red eyes , nosebleed , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , indigestion , swollen mouth , hair loss , indigestion , mouth ulcers , hair loss , indigestion , mouth ulcers , hair loss , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , tingling or discomfort in the arms and legs , nose bleeds , blocked nose , nasal congestion , nose bleeds , dry mouth , discomfort , skin redness , acne , hair loss , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . some patients have experienced the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience symptoms such as a rash , chills or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - sores ( abdominal ) pain , swelling , redness , peeling , peeling or swelling and / or swelling around the area of your stomach or stomach if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking bevacizumab and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - low level of white blood cells - low level of platelets in the blood - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - sores ( sores ) in the stomach , bowels or gut - decrease in the number of oxygen in your blood - reduction in the number of oxygen in your blood - high blood pressure - energy , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - decreased level of red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) 69 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - energy - muscle cramps - frequent urination - frequent urination - shortness of breath - high or low blood pressure - changes in the way things taste - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - changes in the way things taste - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - changes in the way things taste - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - changes in kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the lungs ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the lungs ) - abnormal blood clot in the lungs - chest pain shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - changes in kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the lungs ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the heart ) - abnormal blood clots in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - abnormal heart rate - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal kidneys - kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the nose and vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the heart ) - fistula ( abnormal blood clot in the heart ) - difficulty in swallowing - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - changes in kidneys - kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the lungs ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or heart problems ) - abnormal heart rhythm - chest pain - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary tract infection - abnormal kidneys - kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( fistula ) - blockage of the lining of the heart ( fistula ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( fistula ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) - abnormal heart rhythm - chest pain - shortness of breath - nose bleed - urinary
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be symptoms of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . symptoms include : - difficulty breathing - shortness of breath or shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - fever , chills , warm or warm , warm , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , visual impairment , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high blood pressure , feeling of faintness , changes in mood , agitation , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , agitation , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , agitation , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , agitation , confusion , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , changes in mood , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( nausea , vomiting ) severe low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) ( very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . low blood sugar : headache , altered respiratory function , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or respiratory pain , dizziness , headache , constipation , stomach ache , dry_mouth , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache , dry mouth , rash , impaired taste . kidney problems including dialysis ( joint pain ) back pain , back pain , muscle pain , pain in limb or joints . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty in sleeping . leg or leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty in sleeping . leg or leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg or leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg or leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . difficulty with or painful urination . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg pain .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood , which may be a sign of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), if you have low blood sugar , eat actions to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than glucose_tablets in low blood sugar ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . you may recover more quickly from passing out with an injection of the hormone . low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; a low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased urination ; a low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ), - stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain and pain - elevated levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ), - an increase in the level of fat in the blood ( a substance produced in the liver ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling , peeling or peeling_of_skin on the skin of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sunscreen reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects stop taking orkambi and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , redness or redness of the skin - if you have any of the following symptoms : - rash , shortness of breath , cough or abdominal pain - severe cough - loss of appetite - nausea ( loss of appetite ) - headache - cough - abdominal pain - abnormal blood tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - acute pancreatitis ( which may be associated with abdominal pain ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the liver ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , abnormal ear sounds - stuffy or blocked nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ) - stuffy nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the liver ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy ) - stuffy or runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - cough - infection of the lungs - abdominal pain - pneumonia ( infection of the gullet ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include difficulty breathing , swallowing or breathing problems , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms : - infection , fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy or fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , - dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , feeling very sleepy , fast heart beat , - rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very thirsty , fast heart beat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling , redness , swelling and shivering ( signs of feeling sick , vomiting , fever , sweating , shivering , dizziness or restlessness ). these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , slow heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , blood clot , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , blood clot , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , fast
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling_of_the_face swelling of your face and / or throat . these may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking ovaleap and see a doctor immediately : - if you experience weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat . these may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking ovaleap and see a doctor immediately : - if you experience weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - loss of consciousness ( ohss ) - pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or bruising . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) - in section 2 warnings and precautions ( this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an enlargement and ohss of a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) see section 2 warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " warnings and precautions ' in section 2 for more information and what to do if you experience a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you develop a skin reaction ( this may be a sign of a urinary tract infection ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it may affect up to 2 in the_ovaries , this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ohss ). this could be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - blood in your urine ( ohss ) - an increase in 2 ( a type of fat in your blood ) which can cause a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - blood in your urine ( ohss ) - if you have an injury , which lasts continuously for more than 2 hours of your usual ' s disease ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you develop a serious allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your vision . - if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 2 hours you should contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 under " ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : - if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - rash , red skin , hives , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest ( very common ), - sudden decrease in blood pressure , - fainting , - seizures and / or sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be severe or life - threatening . - sudden fainting , - fainting or seizures , - severe swelling of your skin , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - which may cause swelling of the feet and ankles , which may be a sign of kidney problems - kidney failure - frequency not known - cannot be estimated from the available data - cases of inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following side effects : swelling or swelling at the injection site , such as itching , swelling , warmth , swelling or sores in the area where the injection is given . 7 . 7 % reactions at the injection site ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , skin_hardness ) at the injection site ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , abnormal lump at the injection site ), swelling of injected limb at the injection site ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , or warmth at the injection site ). if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site , warmth , swelling , warmth , redness , swelling and / or blistering around the area where the injection is given . 17 cm ( see section 17 and precautions "). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , swelling or redness in your hands or feet , which may be a sign of sudden decrease of bone tissue ( jaw , jaw , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , bone , jaw , bone , and bone ) and urinary retention . these symptoms usually occur within the first weeks of your treatment with bondronat . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with bondronat . talk to your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in the limbs and bones ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - hypertension - low level of potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - high potassium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decreased renal function ( shown in blood tests ) - decreased appetite - feeling dizzy ( asthenia ) - feeling drowsy ( asthenia ) - sore throat - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - bleeding ( infection of the intestine ) - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - acne ( haematoma ) - discharge of the bone and / or bone , abnormal menstrual bleeding - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the limbs - difficulty feeling ( dysgeusia ) - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the lower arm or leg - difficulty passing urine - pain in the arms and legs - pain in lower back or bones ( peripheral oedema ) - water retention ( oedema ) - bone or bone pain ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - abnormal sensation in the mouth - feeling anxious , depressed mood - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the limbs ( hypoaesthesia ) - excess of fluid in the bone , enlargement of the breasts in men - inability to resist the bladder , feeling anxious , depressed mood - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in your limbs ( hypoaesthesia ) - nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - redness of the skin ( conjunctivitis ) - excess of fluid in body tissue ( oedema ) - abnormal sensation in the mouth ( dysgeusia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - lack of energy or strength ( asthenia ) - nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - redness of the skin ( conjunctivitis ) - abnormal sensation in the mouth - feeling anxious , depressed mood - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in your limbs ( hypoaesthesia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - lack of energy or emotion - abnormal feeling in the mouth ( hypoaesthesia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - lack of energy or strength ( asthenia ) - nerve damage ( neuropathy ) - redness of the skin ( conjunctivitis ) - abnormal sensation in the mouth ( dysgeusia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - lack of energy or strength ( asthenia ) - loss of sensation or pain in hands and feet ( oedema )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increased liver enzymes in blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) difficulty in blood tests for liver function an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) which may be a sign of liver problems ( see also section " liver problems ' earlier in section section " warnings and precautions "). liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness , blurred vision , blurred vision , tingling in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision or eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of a serious allergic reaction : wheezing or serious breathing difficulties if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other breathing difficulties signs of a low blood sugar : fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection , abdominal bloating and a feeling of fullness in the stomach . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( a fungal infection of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( pneumonia ) signs of a low blood pressure may include : fever , chills , swollen mouth , hands and feet feeling or retention in the mouth , hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) feeling of fullness in the stomach or forehead ( gastroenteritis ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) signs of which may include fever , chills , swollen mouth or throat , inflamed sinuses ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling of fullness in the stomach or intestine ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) high level of sugar in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) high potassium levels in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) joint pain back pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) acute inflammation of the lungs ( bronchitis ) bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . sore throat and gum inflammation ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection lack of response to urinate ( palpitation ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the mouth ( thrush ) infection of the urinary bladder ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the mouth ( thrush ) infection of the urinary bladder ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) breast enlargement in men ( myalgia ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause itching , hives , swelling , irritation , swelling or sores in your mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). - severe stomach pain or pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : side - effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain - changes in the levels of a liver enzyme ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) in the blood called creatinine and creatinine in the blood - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - leucopenia ( leucopenia ) - shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) - shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) which may be a sign of low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood ) - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood - low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin rash ( which may be a symptom of a severe form of rash , blisters , peeling skin , or pain ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects reported with pregabalin_pfizer are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , blisters , itchiness , pain , itchiness , burning sensation , back pain and pain in limbs , arms or legs , altered sense of taste , loss of taste , incontinence , weakness , thirst , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , chest pain , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , cough ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by xadago or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - changes in blood sugar levels - clumsiness - insomnia - increased sensitivity to light - sensitivity to light , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , heart attack ( hypotension ) - a decrease in blood pressure ( hypotension ) - if you have a combination of any of these , especially if you are over your treatment with levodopa , you must be treated with levodopa , you may be more likely to experience a side effect of xadago , you may be taking other medicines to treat your symptoms , e . g . levodopa and / or diabetes . - if you experience partial loss of vision , stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking levodopa and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs of an infection or if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness or diabetes , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , such as stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . when levodopa is used alone , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience any of the following , or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking levodopa and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with levodopa . it is important to be treated if you do not have any of these effects , or if you have previously been treated with levodopa , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . - if you are not treated by levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience such signs or side effects , or if you notice any of the following : stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether levodopa must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether levodopa must be stopped . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether levodopa must be stopped . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : signs and symptoms of diabetes : - if you experience partial loss of vision , stiffness , weakness , feeling drowsy , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , changes in vision , or collapse . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to you to tell your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether levodopa must be stopped . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether levodopa must be stopped .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience chest pain or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , severe itching of the skin , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid around the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , arrhythmia , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) - changes in heart rhythm , changes in blood pressure , arrhythmia , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) - changes in heart rhythm , heart rhythm disturbances , arrhythmia , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) - changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( palpitations ) - palpitations , irregular heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - palpitations ( high blood pressure ) - fast heart rate , palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - palpitations ( high blood pressure ) - fast heart rate , palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - palpitations ( high blood pressure ) - fast heart rate , palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - palpitations ( high blood pressure ) - fast heart rate , palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - heart attack - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - high blood pressure - fast heart rate - palpitations ( heart rhythm disturbances ) - blood clot in a heart artery ( palpitations ) - heart attack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( low blood cell counts which can result in increased bruising , bruising , swelling , and paleness ) tremor , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , uncontrollable twitching , difficulty in speaking , buzzing , feeling nervous , problems with your balance such as slow or slow heartbeat , changes in blood pressure , buzzing , feeling nervous , problems with your heartbeat , heart attack , shortness of breath , and / or difficulty in breathing . respiratory problems such as asthma or coughing , bluish colour of the eyes or skin , rash , itching , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , such as cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in your urine or urine , and increase in liver enzymes . - signs of liver problems such as fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps and kidney failure , blood in the urine . your doctor may find changes in blood tests . your doctor may decide to increase your liver enzymes and liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . other side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects in patients with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; blood uric acid ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause the following side effects of adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; blood uric acid ; high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause the following side effects of adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; side effects of unknown frequency ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention . you must see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : 24 fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles , memory problems , difficulty in speaking , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or shivering , - feeling or being sick , - nausea , vomiting , - pain in your abdomen , - pain or discomfort in your abdomen ( belly ), feeling bloated , vomiting ( flatulence ), - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , vomiting ( dyspepsia ), - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , or constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection ( bronchitis ), - herpes infection , feeling like cold , cold sores , fungal infections , shingles , change in mood , irritability , difficulty in speaking , memory problems , difficulty in speaking , problems with balance , loss of vision , problems with your eyesight such as a sudden decrease in vision or loss of vision , which may be a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat infection of your lung ). - life - threatening allergic reaction are likely to occur during an infusion , but can be life threatening and require treatment . - if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - a combination of a flu - like reaction , such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss and loss of vision , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may lead to life - threatening ) - a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen , pain or discomfort in the joints , feeling bloated , vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - excess wind ( flatulence ) - constipation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased white blood cell count , bronchitis , swollen glands in mouth , throat , teeth and lymph nodes ( shingles ) - decreased thyroid gland activity - irritability - memory impairment - memory impairment - difficulty in thinking - difficulty in thinking - problems with your sight ( dysgeusia ) - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing or vision - a sudden decrease in vision or loss of vision - a sudden decrease in vision or loss of vision - a sudden decrease in vision or loss of vision - a sudden decrease in vision or loss of vision in your vision , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a rare severe reaction to medicines used to treat a life - threatening condition ). - a serious soft tissue infection of the brain , which may be life threatening and require treatment . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . the doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ritemvia . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the whole or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the whole or the area between the genitals and the the_infusion , seen very rarely . if you notice any of the above symptoms when your treatment with other_medicines has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have an increase of fat in the urine . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in ritemvia appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an infection of the lung called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in blood sodium , magnesium , calcium , calcium , and / or calcium in the blood - ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , incontinence ( unusual bleeding under the skin ), - swelling , numbness , abnormal nerve sensations or pain in the arms or legs , or loosening of a tooth . - stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in blood cell counts ( platelets , red and / or white blood cells , and platelets ) - decreased potassium in the blood - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - swelling , numbness , abnormal nerve sensations or pain in the arms and legs - reduced sense of touch - runny nose - cough - pain in the arms and legs - inflammation of the lung - nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - 38 - headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets ( pancytopaenia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood ; decreased potassium in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat difficulty breathing or swallowing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( sepsis ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10,000 , 000 people ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), and a decrease in the number of neutrophil granulocytes ( eosinophilia ). when telmisartan is used alone or in combination very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), and a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of chest tightness and hives ) symptoms include swelling of the face or throat , chills , low blood pressure , dizziness , low blood pressure and numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding in the hands and feet . in a small number of cases , prolonged bleeding in the brain . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a permanent form of treatment . during or after treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with afstyla may experience the following additional side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the infusion site , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction may include hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . bleeding may occur in patients who are treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ´ s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness , dizziness low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure and bleeding ) have been reported . changes in your blood and urine test results ( see section 2 ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness , dizziness low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure and bleeding ) have been reported . changes in your blood and urine test results ( see section 2 ' earlier in section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness , dizziness low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , low blood pressure and bleeding ) have been reported . changes in your blood and urine test results ( see section 2 ' earlier in section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects may affect up to 1 in 10 people . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( e . g . bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding ) - pulmonary embolism ( wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing - swelling of the face and / or throat - hives - urticaria - itching - itching - muscle aches or pains - these symptoms tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - prolonged or prolonged bleeding at the site of the injection ( s disease ) that can lead to a stroke called thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when you have had hepatitis b or leukaemia ( a type of leukaemia , including cancer that affects the immune system attacks the body and lead to abnormal immune system ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia that is a type of cancer that affects clot ) and brain cancer ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) sudden swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( frequency unknown ). if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects : - headache - muscle spasm - pain in the arms or legs - feeling sick ( sick ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - indigestion - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - migraine - tingling ( paraesthesia ) - facial rashes - nose bleeds - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of stomach juices - stomach pain , muscle aches , painful joints - back pain - blood in urine - back pain - back pain - painful or painful urination - increased sweating - night sweats - increased sweating - cold sweat - nose bleeds 75 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ) - chest pain - nasal congestion - indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion or pain - increased sweating - increased sweating - increased sweating - hives - yellow skin - rashes - swelling of the face and / or throat , back pain , muscle aches , or pain in joints , arms , legs and / or joints - joint stiffness - high blood pressure - 75 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ) - serious allergic reaction which causes rashes - swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives ( nettle rashes ) - rashes - swelling of the face and / or throat - back pain - muscle aches or pain in joints , arms or legs - increased levels of creatinine in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction - rashes - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives - yellow skin - rashes - swelling of the face and / or throat - back pain - muscle pain - leakage of urine ( musculoskeletal pain ) - leakage of urine ( palpitation ) - presence of blood in urine , high blood pressure - 75 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ) - allergic reaction - rashes - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives - yellow skin - rashes - swelling of the face and / or throat - back pain - muscle pain - leakage of urine ( incontinence ) - menstrual bleeding - high blood pressure - 75 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ) - allergic reaction - rashes - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives - yellow skin - rashes - swelling of the face and / or throat - back pain - muscle pain - leakage of urine ( musculoskeletal pain ) - pain in limbs , bones and / or joints - fluid retention ( oedema ) - abnormal blood test results for kidney function , high blood pressure - 75 rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ) - serious allergic reaction which causes rash , swollen face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives ( difficulties to breathe ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash - swelling of the face and / or throat - back pain - muscle pain - leakage of urine ( palpitation ) - pain in joints , muscles and / or joints - joint pain - muscle aches or pain in joints ( arms and / or legs ) - blood in urine - high blood pressure - 75 - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 users ) - serious allergic reaction which causes rash , swollen face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - hives ( difficulties to breathe ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). hypoglycaemia may cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to hypoglycaemia . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ). this is very common side effect . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - bleeding at the site of injection ( generally_mild/moderate ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - bleeding in the brain ( intracranial haemorrhage ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - acute posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe kidney problems . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your liver , as these may be signs of coma - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual_disturbances - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - gas ( flatulence ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - excess of bilirubin in the blood very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - visual disturbances ( severe kidney failure ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : coma , visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - problems with your liver - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - redness of the skin very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pneumonia of the skin and other tissues - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( an increase in bilirubin , a liver enzyme ). hypersensitivity ( itchy rash , rash , itchy rash ) - rash - itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) - abnormal blood test results on liver function - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - hair loss ( alopecia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fungal infection of the liver ( pneumonia ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - itchy skin ( erythema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - infection of the liver ( hepatitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low blood levels of some types of white blood cells ; blood clots in the legs or legs ; pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the hands , tissue or feet ; joint pain back pain ; back pain ; increased sweating ; bleeding at the site of injection ; sore throat ; runny nose ; vomiting ; stomach pain ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; breaking wind ; muscle spasms ; muscle spasm ; muscle spasm ; muscle spasm ; pain , redness , swelling or tingling of hands and feet ; bruising ; haematoma ( a bleeding where red blood cells , which can result in muscle pain , back_pain pain , redness , swelling or tingling of hands and feet ); bruising ; haematoma ( tingling sensations of the hands or feet ); muscle spasm back pain ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; muscle spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasm ; pain in the arms or legs ; redness ; swelling and / or redness of the hands and feet ; bruising ; haematoma ( bleeding from the nose ); runny nose ; sore throat ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny nose ; runny_nose ; diarrhoea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; indigestion ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) especially in patients taking duotrav . signs include swelling , itchiness , itchiness , and pain in your mouth , mouth or throat , difficulty swallowing , runny nose , blocked nose and painful throat . urinary tract infection . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy , including life - threatening swelling in the mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , runny nose , skin rashes , changes in blood flow to the eyes , fainting , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , metabolism abnormalities , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , asthma , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle weakness , inability to obtain an erection , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : allergy , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : infection , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty with or painful urination , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your some_blood_tests . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of nplate alone are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , gastroenteritis , headache , dizziness , abnormal muscle sensations ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo ( sensation of unsteadiness ), nasal_congestion ( vertigo ), difficulty in falling asleep ( nasal_congestion ), vertigo ( difficulty in speaking ), cold sores ( including increased back tension and paraesthesia ), blurred vision , clouding of eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , flashes of light sensitivity to light , bleeding in the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), blurred vision , flashes of light sensitivity to light , bleeding inside the eye , bleeding inside the eye , bleeding inside the eye , bleeding inside the eye , bleeding inside the eye , detachment of eye detachment of one eye damage to the eye , detachment of small eye detachment or retinal detachment , detachment of one eye damage to the eye , small detachment of small spots on one side of the eye , small detachment of one eye damage to the eye , detachment of retinal detachment of one eye damage to the eye , small detachment of eye detachment of one eye damage to the eye , detachment of small eye detachment , detachment of retinal detachment of one eye damage to the eye , small detachment of small detachment or detachment in one eye damage to one eye damage to the retina , detachment of one eye damage to the optic nerve damage to the nervous system resulting in bleeding from one eye damage to the optic nerve damage to retinal bleeding resulting in bleeding from one eye damage to the optic nerve resulting in bleeding from one eye damage to the optic nerve damage to bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - cough - shortness of breath , wheezing , or light - headedness . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . they may be signs of a serious condition called copd ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , or light - headedness . - decreased levels of consciousness . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or confusion . - thoughts of suicide . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling like you are dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - problems with your blood ( urinary retention ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - blurred vision ; - eye irritation ; - fever ; - muscle twitching , - muscle twitching or muscle weakness ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - changes in the way things taste ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including bacteria , bacteria , or body inflammatory response , low blood pressure , pain , swelling , or a_hard_lump - haematoma ( bleeding under the skin , chest pain , shortness of breath or if you experience any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately ), chest pain or shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung ( signs may include : sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion , heartburn ( flatulence ), weight loss , decreased appetite . muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding under the skin ), muscle aches , back pain , muscle pain , inability to urinate during the night , needing to urinate more frequently , urinary retention , kidney problems , damage to the kidney , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the abdomen , abnormal laboratory test results ( decreased protein volume ) in the blood , accumulation of fluid around the heart , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , increase in liver enzymes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the lung ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), blood clot in the lungs , chest pain and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of infection ) sepsis , decreased blood platelet count , chest pain , shortness of breath ( facial infection ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung ( signs may include : sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion , heartburn ( flatulence ), weight loss , lack of energy ( asthenia ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle pain , pain including redness , swelling or other hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( tingling of the hands or feet ), muscle aches , back pain , muscle pain , inability to urinate during the night , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal kidney function tests rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the lung ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), signs of infection ( sepsis ) ( sepsis ) and haematoma ( inflammation of the blood vessels , which can appear as chest pain , shortness of breath , facial swelling , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung ( signs may include : sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion , heartburn ( reflux of food from energy ), weight loss , decreased appetite . muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle pain , pain including redness , swelling and / or swelling in the limbs , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding under the skin ), muscle aches , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , inability to urinate during the night , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting abdominal pain abnormal dreams high blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , headache , dizziness joint pain abnormal liver function tests dizziness headache dizziness joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) runny nose dehydration heartburn ( dyspepsia ) cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach pain abnormal dreams joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection of the sinuses ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy ) 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection of the sinuses ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain muscle spasm joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection of the sinuses ) joint joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection of the sinuses ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection of the sinuses ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain muscle spasm joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( infection ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain joint pain joint_pain ( spinning sensation ) 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) children and adolescents common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain joint_pain ( lack of energy ) 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) children and adolescents common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain acid_reflux_disease ( lack of energy and strength ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or limpness , collapse , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and low blood pressure ( shock ) ( hypocalcaemia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - prolonged pain ( common ) - if you experience pain , stiffness , stiffness or sores in your thigh , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing and swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with osteonecrosis ( e . g ., pain , stiffness , stiffness , and sensitivity to sunlight ). - pulmonary oedema ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). - osteonecrosis can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy jaw tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of postmenopausal infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the throat , low red blood cell count , anaemia ( a shortage of white blood cells ) and platelets in the blood . adverse reactions may occur in patients who received zoledronic acid for postmenopausal fracture . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing and swelling of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly in patients taking tandemact . if you experience this symptom for the first time , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking varuby : - if you develop an allergic reaction to varuby with an allergic reaction to varuby . you may be more likely to develop symptoms of an allergic reaction : feeling tired or weakness - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or weakness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - feeling tired or weakness - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or weakness , which may be signs of a possible allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : feeling very tired , weakness or other flu like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach pain , bloating , stomach pain , constipation , bloating , passing wind ( flatulence ), stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , throwing_up , mood problems , depressed mood , decreased libido , sensation of tingling , sensation of tingling and / or weakness in the hands and feet , feeling tired , blurry_vision , abnormal behaviour , abnormal thinking , mental status changes ( including blurred or distorted vision ) and sudden changes in blood pressure , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " platelets " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your platelets and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left abdominal pain , nausea , stomach ache or bloating , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , bloating , passing wind , stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , bloating , passing wind , loose stools , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , feeling less hungry , feeling less hungry than usual , sensation of tingling and feeling of heaviness , feeling tired , abnormal thinking , difficulty speaking , impaired or abnormal sensation ( dysgeusia or hearing disturbances ). - blurry_vision can cause changes in the way things taste . - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , known as platelets , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , it could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ). if you experience an allergic reaction , stop using enerzair_breezhaler and tell your doctor straight away , or go immediately to the emergency department in your nearest hospital . coughing and difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , hives and itching of the skin . other side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , cough , coughing , diarrhoea , nausea abnormal liver function tests joint pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle cramps , or pain in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( possible signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat or difficulty swallowing ∑ cough ∑ coughing ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; loss of strength ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; pain in limbs and bones ∑ musculoskeletal cramps ∑ pain in joints . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; skin rash , itching or hives ; allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ∑ runny nose ∑ sore throat ∑ cough ∑ diarrhoea ∑ nausea ; loss of strength ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; pain in arms or legs ; pain in joints and bones ∑ musculoskeletal cramps ∑ pain in joints . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; skin rash , itching or hives ; allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ∑ runny nose ∑ sore throat ∑ cough ∑ diarrhoea ∑ nausea ; loss of strength ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; pain in joints and bones ∑ musculoskeletal cramps ∑ pain in limbs . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; skin rash , itching or hives ; allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ∑ runny nose ∑ sore throat ∑ cough ∑ diarrhoea ∑ nausea ; loss of strength ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; pain in joints and bones ∑ musculoskeletal cramps ∑ pain in limbs . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; skin rash , itching or hives ; allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ∑ headache ∑ runny nose ∑ sore throat ∑ cough ∑ diarrhoea ∑ nausea ; loss of strength ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; musculoskeletal pain ; pain in joints and bones ∑ musculoskeletal cramps ∑ pain in joints . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; itching ; difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; skin rash , itching or hives ; allergic reaction . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel ratiopharm are : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice , severe abdominal pain , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until vertigo ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; difficulty in breathing ; cough ; generalised swelling ; numbness ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation of tingling and numbness ; generalised skin reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common : may affect more than in 10 people allergy ; pain , bumps , bumps , bumps , bumps , inflammation , inflammation , inflammation , inflammation , inflammation and increase in your weight , your urine and weight gain . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with delstrigo : common : may affect up to in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , inability to sleep , irritability , irritability , confusion , abnormal dreams , nightmares , mental impairment , irritability , confusion , anxiety , abnormal dreams , panic attack , irritability , confusion , anxiety , mental disorder , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , irritability , confusion , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with irritability , confusion , anxiety , mental disorder , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation , problems with speech , muscle twitching , fractures , bone pain , muscular weakness , shoulder pain , abnormal kidney test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , pancreas fluid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling or being sick ( nausea or sleepy ), uncontrolled muscle movements , tingling , prickling or burning sensation in hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands ( dyskinesia ) feeling agitated , headache , dizzy , or finding it cannot be signs of a muscle disorder , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) vertigo ( spinning sensation ), vertigo ( spinning sensation ), vertigo ( spinning sensation ), vertigo ( spinning sensation ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , dry mouth , build - up of fluid in the abdomen ( vertigo ), decreased taste , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensation such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating , change in muscle tone , unusual or abnormal muscle movements , tingling , ringing in the ears , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , lack of energy ( vertigo ), dry mouth , difficulty in sleeping ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats , muscle spasm , nasal_dryness pain , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating , abnormal taste , vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , vertigo , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , enlargement of the tongue ( vertigo ), dry mouth , burning sensation in the mouth , tongue or jaw , abnormal taste , vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , vertigo , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , enlargement of the tongue ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty in sleeping ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), dry mouth , difficulty in swallowing ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , difficulty passing urine , pain in the arms or legs , altered taste , vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , vertigo , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , enlargement of the tongue ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , difficulty passing urine , pain in the arms or legs , altered taste , vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , vertigo , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , enlargement of the tongue ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , difficulty passing urine , pain in the arms or legs , altered taste , vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , vertigo , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), dry mouth , enlargement of the tongue ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , muscle spasm , pain in arms or legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats 37 excessive sweating , night sweats ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy inability to control or maintain an erection weight loss 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet or ankles 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet or ankles 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or ankles 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet or ankles 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet and legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of interest or emotion inability to pass urine , difficulty to start urinating , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal sensation , tingling , ringing in the ears 37 excessive sweating 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet and legs 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , itching and itchy skin - blistering or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - chills - feeling tired or tired - severe fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , itching , loss of sensation , pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ) - pain in arms or legs - pain , burning sensation , redness , itching , rash , loss of movement , pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness - difficulty with or decreased urine rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - partial or irregular heartbeat - partial loss of vision - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - chills - fever - severe kidney damage ( necrosis of the liver ) - kidney failure - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes severe blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the outer layer of the hand or hand ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes severe itching and peeling of the skin , blistering of the outer layer of the hand or hand ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until vertigo ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light symptoms ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; joint swelling ; blood in the urine ; increases in some kinds of white blood cells ; increased fatty enzymes in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : - rash , itching , generalised itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ; - shortness of breath ; - feeling faint ; - fainting ; - feeling of faintness ; - irritability ; - nervousness or nervousness ; - fainting ; - high blood pressure ; - palpitations , - extreme tiredness , - sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat , - stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ; stomach pain , indigestion ; - mouth ulcers ; - fungal infections , such as pain , redness , itching ; rash ; back pain ; muscle pain ; joint pain ; - painful joints ; - painful urination ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - muscle weakness ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of filgrastim_ratiopharm . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking kilogram_bodyweight and see a doctor immediately : - a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or neck ; - neck pain ; - blood in the urine ; bleeding at the site of bleeding ; - bruising , bleeding or bruising ; - respiratory bleeding ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or shoulder ; - hair loss ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , or pain in the right area of the shoulder ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - inability to urinate ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - tendon rupture ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the shoulder or back ; - swelling of the eyelid ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the back of the shoulder ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - inability to urinate ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - tendon rupture ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the back of the shoulder ; - pain in the back of the neck or back ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the back of the shoulder ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - inability to urinate ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - pelvic pain ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding at the site of injection ; - pain in the back of the neck ; - tendon rupture ; - blood in the urine ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking riluzole_zentiva and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): - if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - a serious infection called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a severe infection called " sepsis " ( a rare disease that may be life - threatening ) - a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infections , you may be having a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as swelling , bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , and feeling faint . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions : bruising , swelling , itching , or abnormal sensation in the mouth , vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling ( vertigo ), blurred or double vision , vertigo , low blood pressure , pain in the chest , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising , generalised rash , injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , injection site reactions ( such as swelling , bruising , bruising ) injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions ( such as swelling , bruising , bruising , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions ( such as swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , temporary swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( paraesthesia ), vertigo ( low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , feeling faint ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions : swelling , swelling , itching and / or tightness in the mouth , vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling ( vertigo ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), vertigo ( low blood pressure ), injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , hives , rash , red skin , bruising , red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising , injection site reactions ( such as swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , bruising , injection site reaction , swelling and bruising ), vertigo ( reduced blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions : swelling , swelling and itching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of difficulty_in_breathing or difficulty breathing - difficulty in breathing - immediately - fever - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - fever - these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - fever - diarrhoea - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like symptoms ) - nausea_vomiting - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever , fever , flu -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . if you have any of the following , stop taking daklinza and tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away . the following serious side effects have been reported with daklinza : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - elevated levels of liver enzymes - thinning ( aching ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - dry skin - itching - dry skin - rash - dry_skin - flu - like illness - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of a vein ) - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple skin - rash ( aching , red spots on the skin ) - decreased appetite - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of a vein ) - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - nausea_fatigue ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple nails - abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching muscles ( aching muscles ) - muscle spasm - dry skin - thinning ( infection of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - fatigue ( fatigue ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching muscles ( myalgia ) - inflammation of the tendons ( thrombophlebitis ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of a vein ) - abnormal blood test results ( decreased increased white blood cell count decreased , decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple nails - abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of the tendons ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - nausea_fatigue ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple nails - abnormal urine test ( protein in the urine ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of the tendons ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - nausea_fatigue ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of the tendons ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( proteinuria ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - tiredness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple spots caused by an excess of fluid ( abdomen ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( infection of the
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to a severe allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you have any of the following allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips and / or tongue difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your bruising_under_the_skin with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( difficulty breathing ), as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , hands , feet or tongue ( with or without difficulty breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of stopping_breathing ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the blood ( agranulocytosis ) can be severe and need immediate medical attention . - signs of a serious condition called agranulocytosis ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - confusion , numbness , tingling , paralysis or paralysis ( paralysis ) or paralysis of the blurred ( blurred and / or involuntary movement of the eyes or blurred vision ). - if you experience partial loss of vision , paralysis , paralysis , paralysis or paralysis ( e . g . rash or paralysis on your skin ) have been reported . very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - sore throat - sore throat - skin rash - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash - acne - hair loss - skin rash - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( shown in a blood test ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( an indicator of protein in the urine ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - decreased sodium in the blood - feelings of confusion , numbness , tingling , paralysis , or paralysis ( compartment syndrome ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in behaviour or behaviour ( including eye problems , paralysis , paralysis , paralysis or paralysis of the arms and / or legs ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a reaction characterised by fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or hives on the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - lack of energy ( hand - foot ) - sore throat - sore throat - skin rash - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash - acne - skin rash - hair loss ( acne ) - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - hair loss - skin rash - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( shown in a blood test ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( shown in a blood test ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( shown in a blood test ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results for a protein in the urine ( shown in a blood test ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or hives on the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) hyperglycaemia ( a serious allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin ( angioedema ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) serious allergic reaction ( angioedema ) ( angioedema ) such as itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ) serious allergic reaction ( very common ). if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking enurev_breezhaler and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection of the chest ( sneezing ) sneezing sore throat , sore throat stomach ache or heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach or abdomen ) excessive_thirst ( acid reflux ) passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often changes in the amount of cholesterol and / or legs ( a type of fat in the blood ) pain in legs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in extremity
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalization . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles , memory problems , difficulty in speaking , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or shivering , - feeling or being sick , as these may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or shivering , - feeling or being sick , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea or pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), dark urine ( tea coloured ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( signs of urinary tract infection ) - urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth and throat , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , vaginal shingles , vaginal shingles , vaginal shingles , poor mood , problems with speech , partial or total loss of vision , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and decreased urine output . - a sudden decrease in blood pressure and feeling of polyangiitis ( a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). - a sudden decrease in kidney function has been observed . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . if you notice any of the following side effects , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( very common ). - sudden shortness of breath ( common ). - nasal congestion . - urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth and throat , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , fungal infections , ear infection , ear infection , reduced sharpness of vision , clouding of urine , and reduced reflexes . - reduced production of hormones in your vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision . - sudden onset of growth in children and adolescents . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience involuntary rhythmic movements of the trunk and / or joints . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia ( very common ). - sudden shortness of breath ( nasal congestion ). - urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infection of the mouth , fungal infections , shingles , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , ear infection , ear infection , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and decreased ability to bleed , reduced ability to bleed , abnormal sensation in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision , poor vision , loss of vision . - problems with your eyesight such as slow or slow heartbeat , clouding of the lens in your vision , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , increased eye pressure , flashes of polyangiitis , and a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare brain disorder which may cause polyangiitis or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking topotecan_actavis and tell your doctor straight away . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of a serious infection such as : - respiratory infection - sore throat - respiratory tract infection - high blood pressure , sore throat - cough - severe breathing difficulties - respiratory tract infection - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - sore throat - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory infection - sore throat - cough - respiratory tract infection - respiratory tract infection - weight gain - cough - respiratory tract infection - sore throat - cough -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea feeling tired , lack of energy ( asthenia ) muscle spasms , lack of energy and strength . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood pressure . other possible side effects the following side effects are known if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain_in_the_abdomen abdominal pain , indigestion , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , weight loss , weight loss , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , tingling or numbness of the skin , itching of the skin , dry mouth , blocked or blocked nose , abnormal vaginal bleeding , increased levels of bilirubin in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) : dizziness , drowsy or face sensation , confusion , drowsy or clenching in the ears , drowsy or confusion , drowsy or loss of consciousness , problems with your balance ( see also " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with pemetrexed in combination with pemetrexed_hospira : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , irritation or sores in your mouth vomiting vomiting abdominal pain constipation tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood_infection_fever fungal infections oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) weakness , tearing , irritation or irritation in the mouth and / or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat , which may be accompanied by pain , swelling and erosions and irritation of the mouth and / or throat , which may cause pain , swelling and erosions or irritation of the mouth , eyes and / or throat , which may cause pain , swelling and erosions ( compartment syndrome ) diabetes , a build - up of fluid under the skin causing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to death . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , nightmare , dizziness , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , asthma , swelling of the inside of the nose , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , excess gas in the skin , hair loss , hair loss , skin redness , skin discolouration , painful eyes , stinging , sensitivity_to_light , sensitivity to light , watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , stinging or stinging on one side of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye_swelling eye eye disorder , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid around the eye , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , hair loss , skin itching , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , skin discolouration , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin inflammation , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss , skin redness , nail disorder hair loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : weakness , weakness , altered blood flow to parts of the body . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a severe infection of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting , loss of appetite , or a severe skin rash with fever - this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - signs of bleeding such as : - bruising - bleeding - bruising - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - pain in the arms or legs - dry mouth - pain in the arms or legs - pain in the hands and feet - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - bruising ( pruritus ) - pain , redness , bruising , bleeding , or bruising - vaginal bleeding - changes in blood chemistry - hair loss rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itchy skin , hives , nettle rash ( hives ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - increased sensitivity of the skin to sun ( cornea ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - inflammation of the mouth - pain , redness , bruising , bleeding , or bruising - vaginal bleeding - changes in blood chemistry - hair loss rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; itchy skin ; hives ; skin rash ; hives ; skin rash ; hair loss ; increased sensitivity to light ; increased sensitivity to light ; increased tendency to bleed ; - changes in the colour of your body ( cornea ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ); jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pale coloured stools ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body with or without pain , burning , numbness or burning ( burning , burning pain or burning ) - headache , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - loss of strength - headache - dizziness - feeling tired - shortness of breath - feeling tired - pain in the arms and legs - fainting - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling_sick_(nausea) ( very common ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of appetite - headache - dizziness - feeling tired - shortness of breath - feeling tired - pain in arms or legs - fainting - dizziness - headache - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - 36 of the body - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site , pain , redness of the skin , burning sensation ( including burning , numbness , burning , or pain ) at the injection site at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - redness of the skin at injection site - burning and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 of the body - 36 body movement ( urinary retention ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site , pain , redness of the skin , burning sensation ( pins and needles ) - burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - redness of the skin at injection site - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 of the blood ( 36 36 of the body ) - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site , pain , redness of the skin , burning sensation ( pins and needles ) - burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - redness of the skin at injection site - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 of the blood ( 36 36 of the body ) - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site , pain , redness of the skin , burning sensation ( pins and needles ) - burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - redness of the skin at injection site - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 of the blood ( 36 36 of the body ) - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site , pain , redness of the skin , burning sensation ( pins and needles ) - burning , numbness , burning , or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - bleeding at injection site - redness of the skin at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 of the blood ( 36 36 of the body ) - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of strength - rashes - reactions at the injection site
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking fotivda : - if you experience fever , chills , sore throat , runny nose or mouth ulcers , chest pain , severely decreased urine output and / or chills - fever or fever - these may be symptoms of heart problems : chest pain , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen legs or swollen ankles , which may be signs of a blood clot in a bone or artery of the bone , which could be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the veins of the bone or lungs , which could be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the artery of the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure or swollen , which may be symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure or swollen , which may be symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swollen or feet , fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of lung problems - blood clots in the lung , which may be
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - acute lung infection ( pneumonia ) - urinary tract infection ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - decreased red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : muscle weakness , weakness beginning
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; chest pain ; and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; sudden decrease in kidney function ; chest pain ; and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or symptoms , which may be symptoms of anaphylactic reactions ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . if you experience a rash , swelling or sores in your leg ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or jaw inflammation , discharge , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , pain in arms or legs , fluid retention ( oedema ), - decreased number of platelets in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram , electrocardiogram , ecg and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - rash , itching , yellowing of the skin and eyes , swelling or swollen of the leg of the leg ( sciatica ) - presence of blood in the urine ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - ecg ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - seizures ( twitches of the heart and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - seizures , twitches , twitches or numbness of the hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - discharge from the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - ecg ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - seizures ( twitches of the heart and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - seizures , twitches , twitches or numbness of the hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - pain in arms or legs - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - decreased function of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - seizures ( twitches and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - seizures , twitches or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - discharge in the leg - swelling or swollen of the hands and feet ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - ecg ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram ) - seizures , twitches , twitches or numbness of the hands and feet ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal protein in the urine ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - ecg ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - qt interval prolongation ( electrocardiogram ) - seizures , twitches or tingling of the fingers and toes ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common side effects ( may
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rapid fever - rapid or breathing problems - itchy rash - itchy rash - difficulty in breathing - fever - flu - like symptoms : - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , weakness , chills , chills , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood platelet count . - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur following allergic reactions including severe allergic reactions . the signs may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or seizures ( fits ), or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , loss of consciousness ) or sudden severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , which are rare . if you experience fainting , loss of consciousness , severe allergic or anaphylactic - hypersensitivity severe reactions : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : severe allergic reactions , with difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : severe allergic reactions , with difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reaction , which causes severe blistering and blisters of the skin , blistering of the skin , severe rash with blisters and peeling skin , as these may indicate severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reaction , which are severe , sometimes life - threatening allergic reactions . if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reaction , which are severe , sometimes life - threatening allergic reactions . if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reaction , which causes difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness or severe allergic reactions , which causes difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions , or life - threatening allergic reaction , which causes difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness or severe allergic reactions , which causes difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking docetaxel_accord and tell your doctor straight away . the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest tightness or chest tightness , and general feeling of tiredness , chills , flushing , itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your soles of your body . get medical help immediately if you have any of the following : - a combination of allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist . this may relate to a problem with your treatment with paclitaxel ( see also " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your body ) and during the first few hours after the start of the treatment . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , chest tightness or general feeling of general chills , chills , flushing , itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your trunk which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the body ). - if you experience muscle pain , pains or pains in your hands or soles of your soles of your body . - skin rashes , which may be accompanied by itching and / or swelling ( usually in the palms of the hands and soles of the trunk ), which may be accompanied by a body temperature - change in the colour of the body , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain - painful and / or painful erection - back pain or pain - back pain - bone pain - painful and / or painful erection - pain in the limbs or in the hands or soles of your soles of your body - skin rash or pains - back pain - bone pain - painful and / or painful erection - back pain - pain in your hips or legs - fever - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - oral candidiasis - dizziness - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - back pain - shortness of breath - swelling in the legs - ankles or feet - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . extremities and bumps ) - swelling and / or swelling mainly of the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). - muscle aches or pains - back pain or bone pain - painful and / or painful erection - back pain - pain in the limbs or in the hands or soles of the feet these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - loss of weight - dizziness - abnormal sensation in the mouth ( hypoaesthesia ) - back pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in red blood cell count - shortness of breath - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have been given by your doctor . - if you have an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . between infusions of docetaxel teva pharma the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( alopecia ) - nausea - vomiting - sores ( sores ) in the mouth - diarrhoea - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - flu - like symptoms . stop using docetaxel_accord if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience an allergic reaction to paclitaxel
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking intuniv and tell your doctor straight away : - if you notice symptoms such as rash , chest chest feeling , feeling light - headed or feeling faint , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling sleepy - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - constipation - diarrhoea - nausea ( being sick ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to loss of fluids ( dehydration ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to pain ( flatulence ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to loss of fluids ( dehydration ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to loss of fluids ( dehydration ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid in the abdomen , leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( nausea ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder with liver or blood disorders , high level of potassium in the blood , decreased potassium in the blood , decreased appetite - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - disorder of blood vessels ( uncommon ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , flushing , itching , rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure when you stand up - flushing , coughing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( nausea ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the skin , - elevated levels of white blood cells , decreased blood levels of potassium , decreased blood potassium , decreased sodium , decreased sodium in the blood , decreased appetite - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - disorder of blood vessels ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , flushing , itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing , coughing - difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flushes , coughing , coughing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , chest pain , flushing , flushing , itching , rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the skin , elevated levels of liver enzymes , decreased blood potassium , decreased blood potassium , decreased sodium , decreased sodium in the blood , decreased appetite , headache , nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of eyelids , face or lips or tongue , difficulty breathing , wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of infection uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - loss of consciousness , - fainting , - loss of consciousness , - fainting , - loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - mild allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - loss of consciousness , - fainting , - loss of consciousness , - fainting , - loss of consciousness , - fits , - fits , - loss of consciousness , - severe swelling of the face and / or throat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - blood in your urine - symptoms such as drowsiness , drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing contact a doctor immediately . - lung problems including symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , vomiting ( flatulence ) - swelling of the feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - increased blood pressure - dizziness - migraine ( tremor ) - flushing ( tremor ) - headache - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood in urine - increase in blood pressure - dizziness - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( tremor ) - headache ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - oral pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness - anxiety ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea ( vomiting ) - breast_tenderness ( haemorrhoids ) - excess fluid in body tissue ( dehydration ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( haemorrhoids ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( haemorrhoids ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - breast_tenderness ( haemorrhoids ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - anxiety ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tremor ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( haemorrhoids ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache - nausea ( vomiting ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - discoloured stools - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - the_abdomen ( tremor ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea - pelvic_pain ( flatulence ) - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( asthenia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tremor ) - tiredness ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - discoloured stools - blood in urine - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - anxiety ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - pelvic_pain ( haemorrhoids ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( haemorrhoids ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( haemorrhoids ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache - drowsiness ( tremor ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - discoloured stools - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( asthenia ) - tiredness ( asthenia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - pelvic_pain ( haemorrhoids ) - excess of fluid within the ovaries ( pleural effusion ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - headache - nausea - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - lack of energy ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - anxiety ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - discoloured stools - high blood pressure ( hypertension
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , hives or swelling of the face , face or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy and feeling faint . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get a immediate_breathing_difficulties , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . severe breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties if you get collapse or loss of consciousness , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . severe breathing difficulties if you develop collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . sudden drop in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat severe breathing difficulties if you develop collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . sudden drop in blood pressure and collapse severe breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties if you get collapse or loss of consciousness , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . severe breathing difficulties if you develop collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . sudden drop in blood pressure on standing which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a severe condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking atripla and see a doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to this_medicine in a deep respiratory system ) signs of lactic acidosis include : sudden chills , o feeling of being sick , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach weakness or abdominal weakness , or discomfort , dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , feeling weak , drowsiness , chills , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach weakness or discomfort , dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , thoughts of motionless or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure and changes in whistling or behaviour , weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling , motionless , whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears , feeling of spinning , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure , difficulty sleeping , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dizziness , headache , feeling sluggish , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , reduced blood pressure , difficulty sleeping , worried , whistling or whistling , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , movement disorder , worried , motionless , motionless , whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , low blood sugar , increased sodium in the blood , abnormal dreams , dizziness , chills , feeling of weakness , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping , worried , whistling or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : anaphylaxis may cause difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ( angioedema ) ( uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - 4 syndrome ) 4 syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - 4 syndrome ) 4 syndrome ( see section 4 ' earlier in section 4 ) headache , abdominal pain , nausea ( malaise ), headache , abdominal pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea abdominal pain ( including abdominal pain ) malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) signs of high blood sugar levels include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . collapse ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) nausea abdominal pain headache malaise . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) abdominal pain , nausea and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis , allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) nausea , abdominal pain , headache and malaise . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) abdominal pain , nausea and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) such as face swelling and difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) miscarriage ( muscle twitching and miscarriage ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), blood clots in the veins in the lungs ( nausea and abdominal pain ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea abdominal pain if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalization . if you get any of the following , stop taking blitzima and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , loss of balance , difficulty with speaking , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , - shivering , - feeling lightheaded , - feeling of weakness , - vision problems , - vision problems , such as changes in vision or loss of vision , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , - vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily breathless , changes in vision , vision loss , vision problems , abnormal or uncontrolled movements of the eyes , that may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , changes in vision , vision loss , or vision problems , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious skin reaction ), anaphylaxis ( a serious skin reaction ), anaphylaxis ( symptoms include a life - threatening , chills , shortness of breath , chest tightness , light - headedness , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( erythema multiforme ). - if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and peeling and / or peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and peeling and / or peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than stevens-johnson_syndrome % of the very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking anaphylaxis and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , feeling sick , constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , skin discolouration , itching , hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) jaundice , liver inflammation . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) and very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - liver inflammation - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular cramps , abnormal sense of taste , inability to obtain an erection , changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , face , throat or tongue severe swelling of the skin , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms after treatment with fetcroja : - swelling , swelling , redness , swelling , redness or fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in your liver blood test results for a protein in your blood which may be seen in blood tests . - an increase in the level of liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - an infection caused by a sudden decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which can result in infection ) - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness and fever at the site of treatment . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in your liver blood test results that may show an increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness or confusion . these may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following side effects : - blindness , - numbness , tingling , numbness , shaking , shaking , dizziness or confusion . these may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following side effects , as you may need urgent medical advice : - nausea and / or vomiting_weakness , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness or confusion . these may be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get any of the above side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; rash ; itching ; hives ; swelling ; angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ∑ skin rash ; itching ; hives ; swelling and / or swelling of the face , face , face or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , face or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ∑ difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , face or throat ∑ blurred or blurred vision ; blurred vision . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in the mouth , face , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty swallowing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in the mouth , face , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty swallowing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in the mouth , face , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty swallowing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in the mouth , face , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty swallowing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling or sores in the mouth , face , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular cramps , abnormal sense of taste , inability to obtain an erection , changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor immediately : - a severe allergic reaction ( seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - symptoms of a serious allergic reaction may include : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , sudden drop or loss of hearing . - if you experience any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain - feeling of fullness in the abdomen - headache - increase in liver enzymes - increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes that indicates the muscle and heart function ( shown in therapy ) - increase in transaminases ( a type of fat in your blood ) and blood creatinine ( thrombocytopenia ) - increase in a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of rash ( which may indicate yellowing of the body and skin ) - nausea , vomiting or diarrhoea - reduced number of platelets in blood ( which can thrombocytopenia ) - increase in transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the levels of fat in the blood ( a substance produced in the muscle_tissue ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - a type of skin cancer called basal cell carcinoma ( thrombocytopenia ) - skin rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( osteonecrosis ). - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ). - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in therapy ) - a decrease in the levels of transaminases in your blood ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in therapy ) - a decrease in the levels of transaminases in your blood ( transaminases ). - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in therapy ) - increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) - liver failure - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombocytopenia ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) - liver failure - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea - blood clots in the blood vessels of the lung ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the levels of transaminases - a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) shown in therapy - a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) - liver failure - skin rash - yellowing of the skin or the white part of the body - nausea , vomiting or diarrhoea - reduced number of platelets in blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - increase in thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood -
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) include seizures ( fits ), convulsions ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) if you experience any of these symptoms , contact a doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been reported in patients receiving nespo . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a serious allergic reaction , including anaphylaxis and seizures , see your doctor as soon as possible . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ). if you experience any of these symptoms , contact a doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by macugen or by other medicines that you are taking , or an effect of the iris medicine . it is important to read the information later in section 2 under ' you need to take this medicine in section section 2 . you may need to be given other medicines to help control the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache , swollen hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ) back pain tiredness , flu - like symptoms tiredness , back pain , pain in limbs , back pain , tiredness , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , back pain , pain in limbs , limbs or back , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , swelling ( angioedema ), swelling ( oedema ), as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with digestive_enzymes is digestive_enzymes . it is important to read the information on this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include : - difficulty breathing - breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - blood clots ( thromboembolism ) - changes in blood sugar levels ( hypocalcaemia ) - kidney problems including decreased urine output ( hypocalcaemia ) - these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called hypocalcaemia ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ), - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), constipation - elevated levels of some liver enzymes ( seen in tests ) - back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms - painful or back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( a sign of pain in the muscles ) - low level of potassium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of phosphate in the blood - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - changes in sense of taste - weakness_(asthenia) ( convulsions ) - muscle pain - muscle spasms - back pain - muscle pain - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( pain ) - back pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - pain in limbs - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - muscle pain - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - muscle pain - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( pain ) - back pain - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - muscle pain - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - muscle pain - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( pain ) - back pain - muscle spasms - frequent urination - frequent urination - frequent urination - muscle pain - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after the infusion : coma , difficulty breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , hives and urticaria . the following side effect have been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( paleness , trembling , paleness , mood swings , difficulty in sleeping , paleness , trembling , lack of energy , difficulty concentrating , paleness , feeling nervous ) trembling , lack of energy , difficulty sleeping , paleness or mood swings , trembling , difficulty sleeping , decreased number of red or red blood cells and paleness feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased number of red or red blood cells and paleness feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking , tingling feeling or paleness , trouble sleeping , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of energy , difficulty speaking , problems with balance , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased activity , paleness , difficulty sleeping , change in sense of taste , paleness , difficulty sleeping , decreased or loss of sense of taste , paleness , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , difficulty sleeping , change in sense of taste , paleness , difficulty sleeping , change in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , trouble sleeping , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , tingling_lips paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , tingling_lips paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , tingling_lips paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , tingling_lips paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , decreased or decreased urine production , difficulty sleeping , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , tingling_lips paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach drowsiness , decreased appetite , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , memory impairment ( insomnia ), depression , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , impaired mood , difficulty
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lactic_acid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - tired ( somnolence ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - rapid or irregular heartbeat - sudden decrease in blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ) - heart attack - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - changes in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) - diabetes - lactic acidosis ( a type of diabetes ) - blurred vision - clouding of the coloured layer of the eye ( macular oedema ) - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cell ( granulocytopaenia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - lactic acidosis ( a type of diabetes ) - blurred vision - clouding of the coloured layer of the eye ( macular oedema ) - an increase in some liver results rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - sugar in urine , proteins in urine - increase in a type of white blood cells ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) - diabetes ; - lactic acidosis ( a build - up of fluid in the body ) - macular oedema ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the back of the eye ) - macular oedema ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the eye ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) - diabetes ; - a severe form of rash causing skin rash , which may be life - threatening . it may affect up to bone_fractures in very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) - diabetes - cancer of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular cramps , abnormal sense of taste , inability to obtain an erection , changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper abdominal pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - a_stroke may cause swelling of the face , skin and / or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache , sleepiness , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . - serious side effects of the other side effects listed below is given with other medicines containing the following frequencies : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , shortness of breath , nasal drainage , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : if the side effects gets severe , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - if you experience sudden loss of blood flow from the skin , mainly around the eyes , genitals , around the eyes or the eyes , seen very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - if you have a temperature of a blood clot in the veins , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe kidney problems ( see above ) 4 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - loss of appetite , or pain in the hands and feet , - indigestion , - sleep disturbance , blurred vision , increased eye sensitivity , - blurred vision , visual acuity , ringing in the ears , feeling of tightness in your vision , - light - headedness , - low blood pressure , - fast heartbeat and high blood pressure . - nitrates has been associated with a feeling of faintness . - low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . - nitrates has been associated with a feeling of nitrates . - low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . - low blood pressure . - nitrates has been observed with nitrates . - changes in blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes as well as eyes and genitals ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , tongue and throat ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the mouth and / or throat . - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , oral flushing , bleeding in the eye , - swelling of the eyelids , - indigestion , - inability to sleep , blurred vision , increased eye sensitivity , - blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision problems , ringing in the ears , feeling of tightness in the chest , - feeling of tightening in your vision , - light - headedness , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure when you stand up , and increase in blood pressure . in addition , your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood sugar levels . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes as well as eyes and genitals ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the joints and / or genitals ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the mouth and throat . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should immediately contact your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : in clinical studies with sifrol , the following side effects were reported as : - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - sleepiness - constipation - vomiting - sick ( being sick ) - sick ( being sick ) - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - abnormal heartbeat ( hypotension ) - weight increase - decreased appetite - anxiety - dizziness - restlessness - abnormal blood test results ( hypotension ) - decreased appetite - weight increase - constipation - abnormal blood test results ( hypotension ) - abnormal dreams - weight increase - constipation - inflammation of the legs ( legs ) - peripheral oedema ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - itching - rash - shortness of breath - dyspnoea ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - small or purple , purple spots on the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin ; night sweats ; difficulty swallowing ; - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* - mania ( mania ) - mania ( mania ) - aggression - abnormal dreams - weight increase - shortness of breath - small or purple , purple spots on the skin ; night sweats ; difficulty in swallowing ; sudden onset or loss of hearing ; difficulty in speaking . - sudden onset of growth in children and adolescents ; - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known ( mania ) - mania ( mania ) - mania ( mania ) - vomiting - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( asthenia ) - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - sleepiness - abnormal blood test ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased weight - weight increase - decreased appetite - anxiety - dizziness - restlessness - abnormal blood test results ( hypotension ) - decreased appetite - weight increase - constipation - abnormal blood test results ( hypotension ) - decreased appetite - weight increase - constipation - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - rash - shortness of breath - dyspnoea ( rapid or irregular heartbeat ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - small or purple , purple spots on the skin , small red or purple spots on the skin ; night sweats ; difficulty in swallowing ; - dyspnoea ( difficulties to breathe ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - clouding of the lens in the eye ( cataract ) - abnormal sensation in the eye ( vitreous floaters ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - decreased vision uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision , changes in heart rate , ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - decreased vision uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision , changes in heart rate , ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears - blurred vision uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision , changes in heart rate , ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - reduced blood flow to the heart - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart rhythm - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) a widespread rash with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), fluid retention ( oedema ) and a decrease in the levels of potassium in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress appears as soon as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by eosinophilia and systemic symptoms ( dress ). - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the_following_symptoms may cause severe early symptoms such as skin reactions , hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - up of fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( redness and thickening of the veins , which may be a sign of a urinary tract infection ) glaucoma ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) interstitial pneumonitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . tell your doctor straight away if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , throat , chest , chest , chest , chest , or chest , feeling weak , chest tightness , cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , chest tightness , chest tightness , and feeling of faintness , and a general feeling of tiredness . other symptoms may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) lack of energy ( fatigue ), headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain , discomfort or stomach pain , urinary tract infection , blood in urine , problems with the heart . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , abnormal sensation in the mouth , stomach pain , cough , breathing difficulties , cough , throat pain , discomfort in the abdomen , stomach pain , urinary tract infection , presence of blood in urine , fever , difficulty in breathing , increased blood pressure , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dizziness , headache , feeling of weakness , increased heart rate , urinary tract infection , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , dizziness , headache ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling tired common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lack of energy , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling ( paraesthesia ) blurred vision , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , throat pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , decreased_appetite , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( peripheral paraesthesia ) abnormal blood test decreased appetite , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , back pain , muscle spasm and muscle spasm . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of infection or herpes disorders , such as fever , infection , decreased number of blood platelets , inability to produce or maintain an erection , confusion , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , changes in sense of taste , difficulty sleeping , problems with your body , problems with blood or urine , damage to the heart or the lung , feeling of heartbeat , blurred vision increase in blood pressure , inflammation of the body . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots , reactivation of reactivation , reactivation of infection , decreased number of white blood cells , pale skin , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , problems with speech , muscle twitching , muscle stiffness , pain in the arms or legs , blurred vision or eye infection , blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the lung , reactivation ( reactivation ) of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ), reactivation of reactivation of cancer cells ( reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the legs , reactivation system disorders ( reactivation ) of reactivation of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( reactivation ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the lung ( reactivation ) of reactivation of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( reactivation ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the lung ( reactivation ) of reactivation of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( reactivation ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the legs , reactivation system disorders ( reactivation ) of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ), reactivation of reactivation of cancer cells ( reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( reactivation ) which can cause reactivation of reactivation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( reactivation ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( reactivation ) which can cause reactivation of reactivation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( reactivation ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots in small blood vessels ( reactivation ) which can cause reactivation of reactivation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the legs or legs ; reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions , such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or difficulty breathing - these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , itching of the skin and hives . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - fluid in the lungs - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - severe itching of the skin - pain of the upper part of the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - itching of the skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of hair - general feeling of being unwell - pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - vomiting - pain in the upper abdomen or stomach - pain in your stomach or stomach - stomach pain - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - diarrhoea - mouth ulcers - stomach pain - vomiting - itching of the skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of sensation - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach discomfort - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach or abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - hives - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of sensation - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach or abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - hives - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of sensation - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach or abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - hives - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of sensation - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach ache - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach ache - vomiting - itching of the skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of sensation - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , stomach ache , vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach or abdominal pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - loss of
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your ankles with or without difficulty in breathing . you should immediately contact your doctor if you experience any of the following allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - the signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , drowsiness , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal behaviour , mental disorder , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , speech disorder , aggressiveness or rages ), speech disorder , speech disorder , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , speech disorder , aggressiveness or rages ), speech disorder , speech disorder , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , speech disorder , aggressiveness or rages ), speech disorder , speech disorder , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , speech disorder , aggressiveness or rages ), speech disorder , speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal behaviour , increased sensitivity to noise , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , speech disorders , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness ,
