like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking incivo and tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), tiredness ( fatigue ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) and a type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth , fungal infections in the mouth ( stomatitis ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( seen in tests ) dehydration flu - like symptoms symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ), other symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( hives ), which may be a sign of an inflammation of the urinary tract , inflamed pancreas , inflammation of the liver , hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives ( urticaria ), which may be a symptom of a serious infection which may be life - threatening ( urticaria ), fatigue , shortness of breath , fever , fatigue , light - headedness or fainting . other possible side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) - increase in creatinine uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking zinbryta and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must stop taking zinbryta and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of liver problems . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with depression , anxiety or paleness . these side effects can be serious and may lead to death . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ), bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ), paleness , paleness , laryngitis , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset abdomen . liver function tests show raised levels of liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ) shown in blood tests low level of lymphocytes in the blood 42 other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) urinary tract infection ( bronchitis ) upper respiratory tract infection common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) common cold ( nasopharyngitis ) common cold sore , runny nose and sore throat ( nasopharyngitis ) rhinitis ( lymphadenopathy ) diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea upset stomach or indigestion upset stomach or indigestion upset stomach or indigestion upset stomach or indigestion upset stomach or indigestion upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach ( stomach )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick or nausea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash -
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given itching feeling sick feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain or muscle pain . injection site reactions ( such as redness , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the injection site may occur . these usually occur after a few days to a few weeks . they usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions as a hypersensitivity reaction . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately allergic reactions as urticaria ( hives ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ), which could be a sign of serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of symptoms of itching , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swelling ( itching ) at the injection site . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop using somakit_toc and tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections include : pain , swelling , itching all over the body , angioedema ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , serious allergic reaction which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or coughing coughing up blood , serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , throat or tongue ( angioedema ), itching , loss of appetite , dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ), dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark coloured urine , fever , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark coloured urine , fever , dark coloured urine , fever , dark coloured urine , fever , jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite or dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ), dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark coloured urine , fever , jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite ( nausea ) as these may indicate problems with the liver ( yellowing of skin and eyes ) dark urine , fever , kidney problems ( severely decreased urine output ), weight loss , dry skin , tiredness ( jaundice ), jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite ( nausea ) as these may indicate problems with the liver ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) dark urine , dark urine , fever , kidney problems , or kidney problems such as changes in urine colour , weight loss , dry skin , tiredness , jaundice ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes , loss of appetite ( nausea ) as these may be signs of a liver problem . the most frequently occurring side effects are described below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ), bleeding , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), weakness , breathlessness or blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) ( see also above , in this section ) chest pain difficulty breathing with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reactions which may cause you to have a combination of any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the other side effects that have been observed with this medicine : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin or deeper layers under the skin , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can be severe and could be life - threatening . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections of the lungs . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections of the lungs . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections of the lungs . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections - liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark coloured urine - fever - kidney problems - loss of weight - dry mouth - tiredness - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - loss of appetite ( nausea ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which may be accompanied by a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) or very fast heartbeat , feeling faint or light headed , which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . if you feel light - headed , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) feeling hot ( hoarseness ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision heart failure seeing or hearing loss low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection seeing , dizziness , dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ; hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; severe itching of the skin and raised bumps of the skin . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; diarrhoea ; uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; skin rash , hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ; diarrhoea ; uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ; skin rash , hives ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty breathing or swallowing ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; severe itching of the skin or raised bumps of the skin ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; swelling of the face or throat ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; itching of the skin ; itching of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; rash in the skin ; blisters of the skin ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; rash ; raised bumps of the skin . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . some side effects may be common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness or fainting . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , tiredness and 36 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ), chest pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bruising or discolouration at the injection site ( injection site rotation ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( musculoskeletal pain ), back pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) or pain in the arms or legs ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , swelling of the arms or legs , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ), chest pain ( including nausea and vomiting ), decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ), joint pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning in the arms and legs . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling of burning in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache feeling hot in the vagina feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick in the stomach ( abdomen ) discomfort in the stomach feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea itching ( pruritus ) pain in your stomach reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel sandoz '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino pharma if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena , - difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which may be accompanied by fever , flu like illness , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , nightmare , disorientation , loss of consciousness , eye pain , deafness - ringing in the ears , - blurred vision - weight gain - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness , temporary loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , blindness , tingling , burning sensation , limb , and / or a feeling of deafness - inflammation of the pancreas - inflammation of the pancreas - severe upper stomach pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , leading to a dangerous decrease in blood pressure , 36 - up of fluid around the heart - problems with sexual functioning , disturbance in attention - weight gain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness , temporary loss of consciousness , sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , blindness , tingling , burning sensation , limb pain or inflammation of the mucous membranes - inflammation of the pancreas - severe upper stomach pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , collection of fluid around the heart , fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs , causing chest pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increased blood levels of weight - weight gain , - weight gain - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness , temporary loss of consciousness , sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , blindness , blindness , deafness , - transient loss of consciousness , eye infection - 36 - stroke - blood clots in the veins in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) - severe upper stomach pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increased blood levels of weight - weight gain , - weight gain , - weight gain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blindness , temporary loss of consciousness , increased sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , blindness , blindness , deafness , - transient loss of consciousness , eye infection - 36 - stroke - blood clots in the veins in the legs - blood clots in the veins in the lungs - severe chest pain , thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain and discomfort , increased blood levels of weight - weight gain , - weight gain - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - changes in blood clotting tests - decrease in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells ( dehydration ) - inability to sleep , loss of consciousness , blindness , blindness , deafness , - transient loss of consciousness , - fits , 36 - stroke - pain in your arms and / or legs , - blood in the urine - 36 - fluid in the lungs - inflammation of the pancreas - severe upper stomach pain - thirst , fever , collection of fluid around the lungs , pain , discomfort or discomfort in your arms and / or legs - weight gain - weight gain - weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased blood levels of white blood cells - decrease in blood platelets , decrease of blood platelets , decrease of blood potassium , dehydration , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar - blindness , blindness , deafness - inflammation of the brain - fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - 36 - sac of fluid within the heart - 36 - sac of fluid around the heart - inflammation of the pancreas - severe upper stomach pain - thirst - fever - collection of fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs - 36 - fluid around the lungs - fluid around the lungs - blood in the urine - thirst - fever - loss of strength , pain or discomfort - weight gain - weight gain - weight loss - weight gain - weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased blood levels of white
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue or throat . allergic reactions ( such as skin rash , burning and stinging of the skin ) have been reported . if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have occurred with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue , nausea common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , tenderness or fatigue very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ), hives , rash . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by sarcoidosis . - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , joint pain ( myalgia ), numbness or abnormal sensation in the arms and legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , headache . joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle spasm , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , decrease in blood pressure , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny_nose , runny nose , inflammation of the throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), nose bleed ( signs of a skin disorder ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), localised loss of hair ( alopecia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , bone pain , back pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , decrease in blood cell counts , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the arms or legs , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny_nose , runny nose , inflammation of the throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), itchy skin ( pruritus ) ( signs of a skin disorder ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), localised loss of hair ( alopecia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , bone pain , painful joints ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling sensation in the arms and legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), weight gain , weight gain , headache , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , decrease in blood cell counts , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny_nose , runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( thrombophlebitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), throat irritation ( oral candidiasis ), throat irritation ( oral candidiasis ), cold sores ( oral herpes ), cold sores ( oral herpes ), cold sores ( oral herpes ), cold sores ( oral herpes ), inflammation of the skin ( dermatitis ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in urine ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), muscle cramps , bone pain , painful urination ( incontinence ), numbness or tingling sensation in the hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), weight gain , weight gain , headache , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , decrease in blood cell counts , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the fingers and toes , loss of consciousness , numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny_nose , runny nose , inflammation of the sinuses ( thrombophlebitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), nose bleed ( stomatitis ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), localised swelling of the face ( oral oedema ) ( localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), localised loss of hair ( alopecia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), muscle cramps , bone pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). these could be signs of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; severe rash ; sore throat  indigestion ; abdominal pain ; indigestion ; bloating ; mouth ulcers ; inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include itching , swelling , pain , redness or bleeding ; signs of blood disorders . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and urinary tract infection . inflammation of the liver ( sarcoidosis ), inflammation of the liver ( sarcoidosis ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include : upper respiratory tract infections , pneumonia , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , pneumonia , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , pneumonia , asthma . elevated liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . skin rash , eczema . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - inflammation of the pancreas , which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching of the skin - rash , muscle stiffness , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling , inflammation or inflammation of the nerves ( called macular oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , stomach pain , indigestion , passing_wind , constipation , stomach ache , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , rash , muscle aches , muscle aches or spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling or inflammation . - problems with your blood ( e . g . allergic reactions ) - rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , stomach pain , indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - stomach ache , indigestion , - belching , - liver enzymes tests may also show : - increased levels of some liver enzymes . - allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - muscle aches , spasms , weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , swelling of the face and / or throat . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - flatulence - stomach pain - indigestion , flatulence , itching of the skin - rash - muscle pain , muscle aches or spasms - weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling and / or pain in the arms and / or legs very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - flatulence - stomach pain - indigestion , flatulence , itching of the skin - rash - muscle pain , muscle aches or spasms - weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling and / or pain in the arms and / or legs very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - flatulence - stomach pain - indigestion , flatulence , itching of the skin - rash - muscle pain , muscle aches or spasms - weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling and / or pain in the arms and / or legs very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - flatulence - stomach pain - indigestion , flatulence , itching of the skin - rash - muscle pain , muscle aches or spasms - weakness , pain_in_the_extremities , chills , feeling hot , swelling and / or pain in the arms and / or legs very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - flatulence - stomach pain - indigestion , flatulence - rash -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using erleada and tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain and seizure ( signs of heart problems ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of the following signs of heart problems : shortness of breath , discomfort or 43 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of heart_problems include : heart attack , shortness of breath or chest pain . this could be a sign of heart problems . talk to your doctor if you develop a heart problem before or after stopping treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat and nasal congestion . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss or thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - heart attack - blood clots in the lungs - blood clots in the arteries of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - blisters and blisters on the area of the body - as these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or urinary problems . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss or thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - heart attack - blood clots in the lungs - blood clots in the arteries of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - blisters and blisters on the area where the medicine is given . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low level of white blood cells - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss or thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - blood clots in the lungs - blood clots in the arteries of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - symptoms may include shortness of breath , chest pain or blisters , which may be due to blood clots in the lungs . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show : - fever - flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss or thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain - irregular heart beat - weight gain - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss or thinning common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and cancer . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the cancer medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , these side effects may occur . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - passing gas ( fatigue ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - frequent urination - loss of appetite common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure - abnormal blood clotting , increased blood pressure , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , abnormal sensation in the eye , - itching , redness , swelling or inflammation in the eye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your thrush ( thrush ) - feeling dizzy or tired - shaking ( shaking ) - chills , dizziness , or dizziness - a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth or a different odour to your urine or sweat this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with forxiga . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious ) - fast heart beat - feeling hungry - headache - changes in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused or headache - changes in your sense of taste - a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in your sense of taste , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision such as blurred vision . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you have ear pain , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , changes in vision your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , muscle pain or stiffness ( shown in getting low blood tests ) fatigue ( lack of energy and weight loss ) fatigue ( including itching ), dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination problems with your joints , chest pain , swelling , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , burning sensation , pricking , burning or burning sensation in the arms or legs , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination or other signs of infection , including fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin rash , acne or discomfort at the site of the mouth allergic reaction ( urticaria ) nose bleeds common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness bradycardia ( increased heart rate , bradycardia , tingling , discomfort or discomfort in the arms and / or legs ) allergic reaction ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction : rash , acne and skin rash ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with rash , acne and skin rash ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( urticaria ) inflammation of the pancreas ( urticaria ) redness of the skin ( urticaria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin redness , discomfort and swelling , redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or feet . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( urticaria ) inflammation of the pancreas ( urticaria ) redness of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin redness , discomfort and swelling , redness and swelling of the palms of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) acne . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction which may cause : rash , acne , skin rash , or urticaria ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( urticaria ) inflammation of the pancreas ( urticaria ) redness of the skin ( erythema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acne , skin redness , discomfort and swelling , redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or feet . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - allergic reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - sudden and severe pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) caused by bleeding ( including herpes zoster ) - change in the colour of the lung ( including a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs ) - chest pain , shortness of breath - fatigue - confusion . these side effects can be severe and could be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which could be symptoms of breathing difficulties , breathlessness , loss of consciousness , - changes in vision , - confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which may be life - threatening , - confusion and / or disorientation , as these could be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which could be symptoms of a lung infection or a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare ; may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). symptoms may include chills , chills , difficulty breathing , cough or shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor immediately . - skin rash other possible side effects include : - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you experience difficulty breathing , breathlessness or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , confusion or disorientation , or decreased consciousness , which may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which may be accompanied by a drop in blood pressure which could make you feel lightheadedness or have difficulty breathing , which may be delirium , confusion , disorientation , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of delirium , difficulty breathing , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , which may be signs of severe confusion or confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor immediately . - skin rash or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , difficulty breathing , cough , shortness of breath or immediately , tell your doctor immediately . skin rash other possible side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , pain in your arms or legs , breathlessness , loss of consciousness , delirium , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , delirium , loss of consciousness , and changes in your mental status , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty with speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you have a severe allergic reaction , including hives , itching , rash , swelling of your face with swelling of your face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar common : constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : very common : dizziness , dry mouth and headache . increased sweating . increased blood sugar levels . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if you have vomiting , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - increase in liver enzymes - constipation - joint pain - headache - increased rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach ache - diarrhoea - constipation - drowsiness some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with pioglitazone : - dizziness - dry mouth - headache - increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood - kidney problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - vomiting - joint pain - muscle pain - back pain - interstitial lung disease - bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache - 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face and throat - 64 some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face and / or throat - 64 - the following side effects have been reported with sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with a sulphonylurea and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) or at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor straight away . the signs may include : pain , redness , swelling , itching , bleeding or diabetes . diabetes , if you have a serious allergic reaction , including unconscious and / or confused . you should see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your feel_unwell ( death ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , or blistering of the skin , as these may indicate difficulties in breathing or swallowing . you should stop taking xultophy and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , rash , itching all over the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , itching , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) may occur . your doctor should do blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe pain in the abdomen , teeth , stomach and intestines , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , itching , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , itching , dry skin - rash , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , - muscle pain , - muscle pain , - muscle pain , - muscle pain , - pain , swelling , redness , itching , fever - lung infection - low blood platelet count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough and rash . the side effects listed below have been observed with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) nausea , loss of appetite , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) hair loss ( alopecia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) nausea , loss of appetite , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) liver failure ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas ( ear pain ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of symptoms include : rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness itchy rash ( hives ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea loss of appetite diarrhoea , loss of appetite rash , itchy rash ( hives ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness low blood measurements for white blood cells ( neutropenia ) leukopenia ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( leukopenia ) low white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , swelling and swelling ) have been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . heart problems : irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems : irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating and itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , sweating , sweating or shivering . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of anaphylactic reactions . talk to your doctor if you have symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , sweating , sweating or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of anaphylactic reactions . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as rash , itching , redness or swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , severe rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems : irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions . such reactions may include rash , itching , redness and swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions . such reactions may include rash , itching , redness and swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , dry mouth , fever , sweating , shivering and dizziness . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . contact your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . heart problems . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , feeling sick , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face have been reported . if you experience any of these , stop using ovaleap and tell your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) at the injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , redness , swelling and irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , irritation , irritation , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions usually occur within 2 to 2 days after a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to ovaleap . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to ovaleap . this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( ohss , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), severe allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ): common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people people ) reactions at the injection site , such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a possible side effect uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in in_10_people , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ): severe allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ): severe allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing , drop in blood pressure , severe allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ) pneumonia ( which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), possible signs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away . serious side effects if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions that may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , and stomach ache . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( chest ), chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , swelling and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching , swelling and redness where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of bondronat . if you experience any of the following , stop taking bondronat and tell your doctor or pharmacist . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of bondronat . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) heart attack ( hypertension ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles and joints feeling dizzy 59 ( high level of cholesterol in the blood ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) your_blood_fluid swelling of the legs , ankles or feet ( oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or sore in your mouth or jaw . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects . if you are not sure what the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported in up to blood_tests in 100 patients . signs of high blood pressure may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , changes in vision such as viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision and blurred vision . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common cold ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , altered vision , viruses , breathlessness , and blurred vision blurred vision . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common cold ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , altered vision , viruses , breathlessness , and blurred vision blurred vision . these side effects can become serious . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking temybric_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : inflammation of the veins in the airways ( copd ) symptoms can include : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat sore throat or throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the throat and nose inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) runny nose diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sore throat and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the throat and nose inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the sinuses inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) runny nose and nasal congestion fungal infections of the nose and throat flu ( influenza ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . runny nose , nasal congestion ) joint pain back pain constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop using zinforo and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue , as well as swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( anaphylaxis ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , stop using zinforo and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - itching , hives , swelling , swelling , swelling , irritation , bleeding or bruising . these usually occur within a few days to a few weeks of treatment . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - itching , hives , swelling or pain where the injection is given and / or pain at the site of injection . this will help prevent a decrease in the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( platelets ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - leucopenia ( low number of white blood cells ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - leucopenia ( low number of white blood cells ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - low levels of platelets ( eosinophilia ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - neutropenia ( leucopenia ) - low blood levels of liver enzymes - eosinophilia ( a type of white blood cells ) - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - increase in the number of liver enzymes - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( a type of white blood cells ) - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( a type of white blood cells ) - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( eosinophilia ) - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests - increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : swelling of the face , skin , lips , eyes and / or tongue , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or back , difficulty in breathing , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), incontinence , weakness , thirst , chest tightness , high blood pressure , changes in blood chemistry , high blood levels of uric acid , excess of lipids in the blood , abnormal blood test results ( e . g . high potassium , uric acid and calcium levels and low phosphorous levels in the blood ). hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itchiness , hives ), runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful erections . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ) have been reported . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the heart to the body ), see section 2 . bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ). convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal heart rhythm . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your heart )* - inability to your doctor if you experience muscle problems such as changes in vision including vision problems , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse - menopausal symptoms ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) breast mass , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( angioedema ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse vaginal disorders , incontinence , weakness , chest tightness . changes in the recording of electrical changes (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( hypertension ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind , diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , back pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , neck pain , cramps or fever , fatigue , feeling cold , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . diabetes , high blood pressure ( hypertension ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show : increased levels of some liver enzymes , 31 dizziness , mood swings , restlessness , hallucinations , mood swings , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , restlessness , disorientation , mood swings , sweating , muscle stiffness and weakness and blurred vision . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your legs . if you notice any of these effects , as they may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes be severe have been reported with zytiga . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) have been reported in patients treated with prednisolone . serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with prednisolone . serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of allergic reaction allergic reactions including rash , high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( palpitations , palpitations , irregular heart beat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience muscle pain or heart_failure , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or upon lying down or feeling tired or tired . symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness o signs of infection such as fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve problems such as tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness ; signs of bleeding such as fever , reduction in blood platelets which can make you feel swallowing or coughing ; signs of other possible side effects of adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; heart_burn ; difficulty in sleeping ; abnormal sensations of taste ; dry mouth ; dry skin ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can make you feel faint or fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; feeling jittery . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ); infection of the blood ( such as bleeding or bruising underneath the skin ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection ); pneumonia ; abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; sicca syndrome ( e . g . indigestion , bloating , mouth ulcers ); acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can make you feel faint or fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; a collection of blood in the semen ; low blood pressure . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): shock ; chest pain or swallowing ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down ; indigestion ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; disturbance in attention such as blurred vision ; pain in the eye ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can make you feel faint or fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells ; not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): infection of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells ; high blood pressure ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; upset stomach ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; disturbance in attention such as double vision ; dry skin ; dry skin ; itching ; itchy skin ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can make you feel faint or fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ; cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): infection of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells ; high blood pressure ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; exercise up blood ( symptoms include : fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning sensation , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; symptoms of nerve disorders such as tingling , numbness or double vision ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; pain in the abdomen ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood platelets which can make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using ritemvia and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyelids with or without an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of ritemvia is infusion - related reactions during the infusion , you may develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , low blood pressure , which may make you feel wheezing or have difficulty breathing , inflammation of the throat , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills or shivering . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . these reactions are more likely to occur at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you develop a rash , tell your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks to a few weeks . if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , low blood pressure , which may make you feel wheezing or have difficulty breathing , inflammation of the throat , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills or shivering . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . these reactions are more likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you develop a rash , tell your doctor immediately . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , chills or shivering . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important that you keep this alert card and show it to your partner or caregiver . these reactions are more likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your eyelids ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest , as well as the lips and lips , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . rash , fever , with blood in the urine ), if you have a combination of any of these effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling lightheaded , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away over time . if you do not feel better , you should contact a doctor immediately . dizziness or fainting . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . dizziness or fainting if you notice any of the side effects above , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of weakness or weak , especially when you stand up or feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you what to do if you notice any of the side effects listed above . if you notice any of the side effects above , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of weakness or weak , especially when you stand up or feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you what to do if you notice any of the side effects listed above . if you notice any of the side effects above , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) silodosin_recordati may cause a temporary decrease in the amount of some hormones in the blood . this can be seen in a short time of time . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood pressure . previously this might cause previously life - threatening . it is important that you always contact your doctor if you have an eye examination before or after a change in your sight . previously this may cause previously life - threatening . for more information on the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in a_severe_infection people ): angioedema ( low number of red blood cells ). if you experience a combination of any of the symptoms or signs of liver problems , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could become serious . these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of the following , tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : angioedema ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these side effects become severe , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , allergic reaction with symptoms such as tightness of the chest , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives , low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding ( such as seizures , convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - shivering , - if you experience severe or persistent dizziness , - dizziness , - nausea , - vomiting , - difficulty in speaking , - severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory problems , confusion , memory impairment , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking , difficulty speaking or understanding others , or shortness of breath , which may be due to a change in vision or loss of vision , which may be signs of bleeding or bruising . - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , - shivering , - reddening of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet , - changes in sense of taste , - shaking , anxiety/depression or confusion , or convulsions . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - high blood pressure , which could make you feel light - headed or have decreased urine output , which may make you feel light - headed ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the legs or the leg ), which may be accompanied by fever and / or shivering . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following : - fever , or shivering , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following : - fever , or shivering , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . these can be signs of a condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , hives , swelling_of_the_face , swelling of the face or throat ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure , which may be life threatening and lead to kidney problems . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , indigestion , reflux , blurred vision , blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the face , feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . as with other vaccines , the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , throat or tongue . other possible side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach discomfort , eye rashes , rashes , itchy skin , small red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , increased sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and hives . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea or stomach ache . increased liver enzymes in your blood . this is more likely if you also also take other medicines for your own coma . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms may include swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and stomach ache . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may decide to see if liver function tests . hypersensitivity ( see also section 31 warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop using enyglid and contact your doctor . other possible side effects include : 31 diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) ( nausea ) and diarrhoea . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion site reactions ( such as swelling , swelling and redness of the skin ) difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( see section 2 ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects 31 , if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - bacteria , pain , redness of the skin - back pain - joint pain - muscle pain - tiredness - decreased appetite - loss of consciousness - fever - signs of infection such as nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , - blood in your stool - pain or loss of consciousness signs of infections such as blood in your urine - blood in your urine - pain in your arms or legs - bruising uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itching and rash of the skin other possible side effects other side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , runny nose , runny nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , skin rash , hair_colour_change - loss of hair - joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain and difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision - eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation - mouth ulcers , - abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , sensitivity to light , itchiness , hives , skin reddening , skin redness , hives , itchy skin , stinging , loss of hair on your skin , nail disorder - skin redness , abnormal hair texture - hair loss , - hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): symptoms of inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), abnormal hair loss , abnormal hair texture , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): symptoms of inflammation of the liver , yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes ( jaundice ), abnormal hair growth , change in skin colour , abnormal hair texture , change in skin colour , abnormal hair texture , change in skin colour , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): symptoms and symptoms of inflammation of the urinary tract . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv body medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your body . these may be signs of a body obstruction ( thrombocytopenia ), seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain or discomfort , weight increase . - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo . - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , - weight gain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , - increased heart rate . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , difficulty sleeping , grinding of the skin ( hypoaesthesia ), dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , - weight gain , - back pain , back pain , back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , difficulty sleeping , grinding of the sense of taste ( dysgeusia ), dizziness , abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , - weight gain , - back pain , back pain , back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , difficulty sleeping , grinding or clenching the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , - weight gain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , mood swings , - feeling agitated , - dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , increased weight - weight gain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - increased blood pressure - back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , mood swings , - feeling agitated , - dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , increased weight - weight gain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - increased blood pressure - back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , mood swings , - feeling agitated , - dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , increased weight - weight gain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - back pain , - increased blood pressure - back pain , - increased heart rate - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration , mood swings , - feeling agitated , - dizziness , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), vertigo - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), - a spinning sensation ( hypoaesthesia ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , increased weight - weight gain , - back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( asthma ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , inability to sleep , confusion , muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle stiffness , and fever ( signs of muscle problems ), muscle muscle muscle muscle pain . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with adasuve : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , inability to sleep , confusion , muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle stiffness , and fever . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , pain , redness of the skin ( haematoma ), back pain , bone pain , joint pain , tiredness , decreased consciousness , rapid pulse , fever , infection , bacteria , nosebleeds , shivering , abdominal pain , blood in your stool , pain or easy loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . in very common cases , you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) abnormal dreams , back pain 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called fever , - chills , chills , fatigue , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic_acid_hospira . - low blood pressure . - high blood pressure , which could be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or feeling of heaviness in your thigh , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure , which could be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : seizures , numbness and tetany ( secondary to hypocalcaemia ). - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or feeling of heaviness in your thigh , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - low blood pressure , which could be life threatening and needs immediate medical attention . - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problems ) - if you have a high temperature or an increase in your urine output ( called hypocalcaemia ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - unusual weakness , numbness or tetany ( especially in the hip or thigh ). talk to your doctor if you experience such symptoms . - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , stiffness , stiffness , stiffness or paralysis in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the hip or thigh ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , or stiffness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , or stiffness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , or stiffness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , or stiffness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , or stiffness , or if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , feeling dizzy , stomach ache , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , heartburn , skin rash , hair loss , hair loss , acne , increased sweating , bowel and bowel pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , as these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which may be accompanied by a high temperature and a tendency to develop blood clots in the lungs ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal levels of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - decreased appetite - somnolence ( somnolence ) - stomach upset - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or change in the colour of your bowel - loss of appetite - back pain - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - acne - increased sweating - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - weight loss - weight loss - weight loss - tiredness - tiredness - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( known as rhabdomyolysis ) - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in some liver enzymes - muscle breakdown ( rhabdomyolysis ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - thrush_in_the_mouth - diarrhoea - indigestion - 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence ( somnolence ) - headache - stomach upset - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss - acne - abnormal or change in the taste of your bowel - loss of appetite - dry mouth - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - acne - abnormal sense of taste - back pain - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - hair loss - acne - increased sweating - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - hair loss - acne - hair loss - weight loss - weight loss - loss of appetite - weight loss - loss of appetite - weight loss - loss of appetite - weight loss - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . - if you feel unwell or feel unwell , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an increased tendency of your liver . - muscle weakness ( rhabdomyolysis ). uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , chest tightness , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal allergic reaction ( such as rash , itching or hives ) skin rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the cuts of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy ( infection ) in the brain , bumps , inflammation , pain and pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be seen in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood abnormal kidney function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal kidney function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal kidney function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal kidney function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests abnormal kidney function kidney problems
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy , sleepy , fast muscle contractions , sensitivity to light , feeling dizzy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , tingling or pain in the hands or feet , excessive sweating 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy , trouble sleeping , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , vertigo ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zelboraf and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; itching ; skin rash ; blistering and peeling of the skin ; - skin rash ; - changes in the colour of the skin ; - fever ; - chills ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - swelling of the face ; - fever ; - chills ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - fever ; - chills ; - fever ; - sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and peeling of the skin ; - pain at the site of the hand ; - feeling tired ; - low blood pressure ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - redness and rash ; - rash ; 37 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and peeling of the skin ; - pain at the site of the hand ; - feeling tired ; - low blood pressure ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching and rash 37 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling skin ; - pain at the site of the hand ; - feeling tired ; - changes in the way things taste ; - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching ; - rash ; 37 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling skin ; - pain in the joints ; - feeling tired ; - abnormal blood test results such as an increase in the number of creatinine in the blood ; - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching ; - rash ; 37 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling of the skin ; - allergic reactions ; - changes in the colour of your white blood cells ; - decreased levels of white blood cells , which can cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching ; - rash ; - muscle pain , muscle pain ; - dizziness ; - tiredness ; - fever . - sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling of the skin ; - allergic reactions ; - loss of appetite ; - changes in liver function tests ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - pain ; - loss of appetite ; - dizziness ; - fever ; - sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling of the skin ; - allergic reactions ; - changes in the colour of your white blood cells ; - decreased levels of white blood cells , which can cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching ; - rash ; - muscle pain ; - muscle pain ; - dizziness ; - tiredness ; - fever ; - sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling of the skin ; - allergic reactions ; - changes in the colour of your white blood cells ; - decreased levels of white blood cells , which can cause pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching ; - rash ; - muscle pain , muscle pain ; - dizziness ; - tiredness ; - fever . - sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - itching ; - rash ; - redness and / or peeling skin ; - allergic reactions ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; dizziness ; generalised sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; dizziness ; generalised sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until duoplavin ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching , dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; dizziness ; generalised sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; dizziness ; generalised sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until duoplavin ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; severe abdominal pain ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop using simbrinza and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , shortness of breath , cough or other signs of general allergic reaction ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or stomach discomfort or fainting ), trouble breathing , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , palpitations , palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , mouth ulcers , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs ( signs of low level of calcium in the blood ) drowsiness , abnormal behaviour , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , fainting . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , feeling of pressure or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , feeling of pressure or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , feeling of pressure or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , feeling of fullness or spasm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache , feeling of fullness or spasm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach ache and feeling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or red blood cells , which may make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness , which may be associated with bleeding or bleeding . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . infusion - related reactions are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - bleeding which may be severe and could be life - threatening . - bruising and bleeding . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - your doctor may decide to reduce the dose and / or stop the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you treatment to counteract the side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - loss of appetite - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - loss of appetite - hair loss ( alopecia ) - rash - low level of red blood cells ( neutrophils ) - joint pain - joint pain - constipation - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - 60 if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever or other signs of an infection of the lung ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate a sign of liver problems ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) as these can be signs of liver problems ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate signs of liver problems - yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). - being sick ( vomiting ). - liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching of the skin ( jaundice ) - itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver problems including inflammation of the liver ( pancreatitis ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( hives , swallowing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or dizziness ) constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness , constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever low blood pressure which may cause difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tiredness , constipation , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite weight loss , tiredness ( itching ), headache , lack of energy ( fatigue ), difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), constipation , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , thinning ( itching ), dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , skin redness , itching , joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , increased sweating , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , problems with balance , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), joint pain , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , such as fatigue , weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , problems with balance , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ) - joint pain , rash , redness of the skin , rash ( itching ), flu - like symptoms , fatigue , facial flushing , fatigue , shortness of breath , cough , flu - like illness , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , heartburn , unusual_hair_loss , nausea , vomiting , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like illness , fatigue , weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( sickness ), - fatigue ( lack of energy ) - fatigue ( difficulty sleeping ) - constipation , itching , dry skin - rash , itching , dry skin - rash , itching - skin redness , rash - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , fatigue , - weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , feeling sick ( vomiting ), - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( sickness ), - fatigue ( lack of energy and fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping ( constipation ), itching , dry skin - rash , itching - dry skin , rash - itching - skin redness , rash - joint pain , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , - fatigue , - weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , heartburn , feeling sick ( vomiting ), - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( sickness ), - fatigue ( lack of energy and fatigue ) - difficulty sleeping ( constipation ), itching , dry skin - rash , itching
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever .  fluid retention , inflammation of the pancreas , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , loss of memory , tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash and hives . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . if you experience an allergic reaction , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever . skin reactions ( including cough , vomiting and diarrhoea ). if you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , hives , rash ). these reactions can also be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever . skin reactions , including cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . if you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , hives , rash ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever and / or fever . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , and / or fever . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin or armpits , damage to damage to the sun ( damage to the nerves of the ears ). bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , fever , itching or other signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness and swelling of the palms of your hands or armpits which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be associated with fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing or chest pain or shortness of breath with other signs of a severe allergic reaction , which may be life threatening and lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ). fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest swelling , shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down ( see also above , in this section ) nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or chest pain or shortness of breath ) other signs may include : nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( possible signs of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome , which may be life - threatening , which may cause paralysis of the eye or blurred vision ), paralysis of the eye ( blurred vision ), paralysis of the eye ( blurred vision ), paralysis of the eye ( blurred vision ). blood clots in the veins in the leg ( pulmonary embolism ), chest pain , shortness of breath , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , bloody stools , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach , nausea , vomiting , confusion . symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( very common ). very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people redness , swelling or swelling in any part of your whole_body . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest swelling , shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down ( see also above , in this section ) nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling or pain in your arms and / or legs these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or chest pain or shortness of breath ) other signs may include nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( these may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome , which may be life - threatening ) such as a fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or hives of the skin . other signs of a severe allergic reaction may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site these symptoms may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest swelling , shortness of breath , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down ( see also above , in this section ) nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools ( these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " which is a common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site these symptoms may include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing swelling of the face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately ( see also section hyperglycaemia " warnings and precautions ") excessive hunger ( common ) hunger ( common ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some side effects could be serious . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of " lactic acid " in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include excessive thirst , hunger or other signs of infection ( herpes zoster ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . allergic reactions have also been reported in patients treated with enurev_breezhaler . some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyelids and as well as the eyelids , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop using riximyo and call a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyelids , as these may indicate problems with your eyelids ( such as redness and blisters ) in the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial and viral infections ( including bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells , bronchitis ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the stomach , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion feeling sick ( nausea ), pain in the stomach , irritation or ulcers in the stomach , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), acid reflux , loss of appetite , weight loss , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reactions ( angioedema , which may cause difficulty breathing , dizziness , rapid breathing , cough , fever , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ). you should contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : see also section 2 ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking topotecan_actavis and tell your doctor straight away . serious allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , cough , fever and / or fever ) have been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction that may include difficulty breathing , cough or fever , which could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( interstitial lung disease , which could be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness - breathing difficulties - cough - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a type of breakdown of muscle tissue ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - fever - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - difficulty breathing , cough - itchy rash ( hives ) - serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pain at the site of injection ( such as skin rash or inflammation at the site of injection ) - itchy rash ( pruritus ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pain at the site of injection ( application site reaction ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( pruritus ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection ( caused by inflammation ) - itchy rash ( pruritus ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - pain at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - skin reactions at the site of injection . - itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) liver problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal liver function tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal liver function tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the skin or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine , feeling of being , nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling confused , tingling , burning sensation , or burning sensation in your arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , or feet , or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of liver problems shortness of breath , stomach or abdominal discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . these may be signs of liver problems , shortness of breath , stomach or bowel pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some liver enzymes , increase of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood tests . these may be signs of liver problems . weight gain or constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headaches , confused , constipation , dry mouth , stomach ache , vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , intestine or intestine , increase in the level of some enzymes in the blood , low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate and / or phosphate in blood tests . this is more likely if you have a history of a condition called weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause skin rashes , burning and stinging of the skin ( angioedema ) or a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ). - tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , difficulty sleeping , eye redness , eye redness , redness , itching , swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) - increase of some enzymes in the blood ( see also above in section 9 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 9 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - high blood pressure - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( tiredness ) - severe allergic reactions ( including symptoms of inflammation and inflammation of the large intestine ) - inflammation of the small blood vessels that can affect the back of the mouth and the mouth ( cornea ) - from the surface of the mouth ( cornea ) - from the small part of the large bowel ( cornea ) - the following side effects are known if you take phosphates in combination with phosphates in combination with other antiretroviral agents : - if you have an allergic reaction , including wheezing and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reaction ( hives , nettle skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be severe and life threatening ), - difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . - sudden and severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness , feeling sick , severe nausea , vomiting and jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ). - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weakness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . - blood tests may show : - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area ( e . g . difficulty_to_swallow , yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very fast heartbeat - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - loss of appetite - eye pain - pain - redness , bruising , bruising , or itchy skin ( exfoliative dermatitis ) - symptoms of such as swollen face , tongue or throat - difficulty swallowing or hives - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - dehydration - severe stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising or bruising of the skin - loss of appetite - blood tests showing : - pain in the upper right side of the area of the stomach ( abdomen ) - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat - difficulty swallowing or hives ( angioedema ) - itchy skin ( hives ) - itchy skin ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very fast heartbeat - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising or bruising of the skin - loss of appetite - blood tests showing : - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area ( angioedema ) - hives ( nettle rash ) - hives ( itchy rash ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in some liver enzymes uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - dehydration - severe stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - loss of appetite - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising or bruising of the skin - loss of appetite - blood tests showing : - pain in the upper right side of the area of the stomach ( abdomen ) - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat - difficulty swallowing or hives (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath or fainting . these may be signs of a life - threatening medical condition . in some cases ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of urinary tract infection , such as pain , burning , numbness or burning in your hands and lips . this is a common side effect , which may affect up to 1 in 10 people . symptoms of nerve pain or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) headache flu - like symptoms feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms numbness and numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . - feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blindness ( loss of consciousness ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - hives or redness of the skin - skin rashes or discomfort - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - like symptoms , such as vomiting_up_blood , confusion , confusion , tiredness and increased weight ( common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells ( symptoms include : shortness of breath , ankle swelling ) - heart attack - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or anus - difficulties in breathing - fever - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the levels of some blood cells . symptoms may include shortness of breath or ankle swelling , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of serious blood clots in the veins of the mouth and anus . this could be a sign of blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus . this could be a sign of liver problems . the most common side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness - loss of consciousness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - hives , redness of the skin - skin peeling or discomfort - chills - loss of consciousness - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased appetite . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of some blood cells . symptoms may include shortness of breath or ankle swelling , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be life - threatening . - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , chills or changes in your vision ( vertigo ), - confusion , confusion , tiredness . - increased levels of liver enzymes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . symptoms may include shortness of breath or ankle swelling , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of serious blood clots in the veins of the mouth , especially in the mouth or anus . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( weakening of the lung ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blindness - loss of consciousness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - hives - redness of the skin - skin peeling - discomfort or discomfort in your hands or feet if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have had a combination of any of these symptoms : - tiredness - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs ; increases in the levels of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of appetite ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; skin rash , which may form as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and rash , blisters of the skin .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of consciousness ( fever ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , bone pain or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling , discomfort or discomfort at the site of the injection , abdominal pain or discomfort , constipation , itching , rash of the skin , muscle pain or spasms . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : heart problems which can cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may be accompanied by swelling , swollen and itchy rash ( hives ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): irregular heart rhythm ( atrial fibrillation ) has been seen with prolia treatment ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): dryness , redness , swelling and pain and / or blistering of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , spasms or spasms , which may be associated with a history of inflammation of the airways ( interstitial lung disease ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discomfort , spasms , dryness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva pharma or after stopping treatment . dryness at the start of treatment ( electrocardiogram ) at the beginning of the start of treatment . if you experience such symptoms , please ask your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects that have been observed during treatment with prolia : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone pain . - muscle pain or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling or discomfort at the infusion site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine , spasms , spasms , spasms , and paralysis in the extremities . - swelling of the face and / or throat . - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine - spasms or spasms - a feeling of weakness or pins and needles in the joints and muscles . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - blood in the urine ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth and / or throat , which may cause swelling or swollen - itchy skin ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine - spasms , spasms , and paralysis in the case of the jaw ( transient inflammation of the nerves of the eye , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding , and could be life - threatening , which may require urgent treatment . - if you have symptoms such as dryness , redness , swelling , and pain at the infusion site may occur . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - bone pain . - bone pain . - discomfort or spasms , - abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling or discomfort at the infusion site . - abdominal pain or discomfort . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may be accompanied by swelling and swollen and / or blistering of the skin ( erythema multiforme ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - painful and / or painful erection . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . - electrocardiogram and electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ), electrocardiogram and electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) and / or electrocardiogram . - an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) which may cause muscle weakness , redness , swelling and / or pain in the hip and / or feet . - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these can be signs of an allergic reaction : - sudden wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop flu - like symptoms , stop using ambirix and contact your doctor immediately . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which could be accompanied by fever , chills , weakness , weakness beginning in the chest , chest or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain . - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny nose , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain , - flu - like symptoms , such as pain in your chest or chest , - difficulty in breathing or swallowing , - flu - like symptoms , - cough , - fever , - chills , sore throat , sore throat or other signs of flu - like symptoms , ( feeling tired or fever ) - chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , flu - like symptoms , ( feeling tired or chest pain ) - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , chest or chest pain , - difficulty in breathing or swallowing , 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain in the chest , chest or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain in the chest , chest or chest , difficulty in breathing or swallowing 25 - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose , severe flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as tired , fever , chills , sore throat , runny or stuffy nose and flu - like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions : rash , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , difficulty breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ), if you feel fainting , feel light - headed or fainting or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you feel fainting , feel light - headed or fainting , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fever , coughing , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you feel unwell or feel loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction : fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you feel unwell or feel loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , coughing , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath , which may be a sign of seizures , seizures , loss of consciousness , which may be severe and can lead to seizures ( fits ), which can be a sign of seizures , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction or seizures , seizures , loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening , fainting or seizures , feeling faint or having difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint or difficulty breathing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , feeling faint or fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , fainting , seizures
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low calcium levels in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the vein ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , inflammation of the small blood vessels ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , inflammation of the vein ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse kidney failure blood clots in the blood vessels of the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , inflammation of small blood vessels ) and swelling blood clots to the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions ( phlebitis , redness of the skin ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause changes in kidney function or kidney function tests ( blood in the urine ) if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may occur with this medicine : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( e . g . phlebitis , inflammation of the vein ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse kidney failure blood tests showing changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in your blood bone marrow ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions ( phlebitis , redness of the skin ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause changes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : symptoms may include : rash , chest pain or discomfort when swallowing is stopped . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe pain at the site of injection ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash and rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , wind ( flatulence ), constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), abdominal discomfort or discomfort ( flatulence ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), abdominal pain ( myalgia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), constipation ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), abdominal distension ( gastritis ) ( flatulence ), abdominal pain , rash ( pollakiuria ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), pain in extremity , feeling unwell ( malaise ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), abdominal discomfort , loose stools ( flatulence ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache ( dyspepsia ), abdominal distension ( gastritis ) ( flatulence ), abdominal pain , rash ( pollakiuria ) or other signs may include abdominal pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), abdominal discomfort , loose stools ( flatulence ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) ( flatulence ), stomach discomfort , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) rash ( pollakiuria syndrome ) - abdominal pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux ), constipation , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), feeling sick ( nausea ), abdominal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood pressure , - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching ( pruritis ), rash , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and stomach pain . - high blood pressure . - high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . - stomach pain . - high blood pressure . - flushing . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . stop using adynovi and contact a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following severe symptoms of allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ), trouble breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness and loss of consciousness . if you experience any of these symptoms , stop the injection immediately and contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 2 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction ( wheals , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting ) - severe allergic reaction ( such as flushing , wheals , itchy skin , swelling of face , lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ), - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , - fainting . - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives . - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with treatment)_inhibitor_antibodies . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - mild allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe allergic reactions ( wheals , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness ) - fainting - severe allergic reaction ( such as hives , wheals , itchy skin , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ), - general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives and other flu - like symptoms , such as hives . in addition to the above , the following side effects have been observed with adynovi : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - severe allergic reaction ( such as wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness ) - fainting - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) - general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting - severe symptoms of allergic reaction ( such as hives ). - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing and possible symptoms of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . symptoms may include weight loss , nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - breast pain - dizziness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness , nausea , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome - joint pain - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - increased blood pressure - the_abdomen - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea ( nausea ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome - joint pain - breast_tenderness - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - irregular heartbeat - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or discomfort in the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blood disorders - breast pain - breast_tenderness - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - irregular heartbeat - drowsiness - swelling of the hands , feet or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or discomfort in the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blood disorders - breast pain - breast_tenderness - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - increased blood pressure - the_abdomen - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen - discomfort or discomfort in the abdomen - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - blood disorders - breast pain - breast_tenderness - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - increased blood pressure - the_abdomen - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or discomfort in the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction - breast pain - breast pain - headache - injection site pain - injection site pain - drowsiness ( tiredness ) - dizziness - drowsiness - dizziness - abnormal blood tests - weight gain - kidney stones - chest pain - chest pain - irregular heartbeat - drowsiness - swelling of the hands and feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain or discomfort in the abdomen and / or joints - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - nausea - diarrhoea - diarrhoea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you notice any of the following , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away : allergic reactions ( e . g . wheezing , coughing , hives , skin rash , angioedema , very fast heartbeat , feeling faint or light headed , which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away if you notice one or more of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or mouth which may cause difficulty in breathing or fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or in the mouth ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , cold , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough , increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if you experience swelling , redness or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) such as swelling , redness or swelling . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( nausea , abdominal pain ). if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abdominal swelling and allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or redness at the site of the injection if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using blitzima and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyelids as well as well as the eyelids , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or wheezing ( bronchospasm ) - hives , blisters on the skin , lumps on the skin or mucous membranes ( e . g . mouth and eyelids ), as well as well as the mouth , the genital areas or the eyelids , and fever may be present . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects are listed below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bacterial and viral infections - bronchitis - decrease in the number of white blood cells - fever - diarrhoea - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - irritation or irritation of the mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) - back pain - a reduction in the number of muscles in the blood - feeling sick 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - the signs may include fever , diarrhoea , nausea and feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - irritation of the mouth - irritation of the mouth - feeling sick ( nausea ) - back pain - pain in the muscles or muscles - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain in the arms or legs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dry mouth - pain in the abdomen - feeling your heartbeat - being sick ( constipation ) - back pain - pain in the muscles or muscles - feeling short of breath 24 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep muscles thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins in the legs if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis [ erythema multiforme , tiredness , chills , sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been observed with roactemra : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain . - constipation . - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or other signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . redness , swelling , and redness ) and / or fever have been reported with fetcroja . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling . blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : this may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be severe or life - threatening , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with a sudden drop in blood pressure and pain , swelling , redness , or redness ) blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of white blood cells ( shown in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy other possible side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( shown in a blood test ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : this may include a serious allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or other signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness , and redness ) blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increases in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions that may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin and / or other parts of the body severe allergic reaction that may include pain , swelling , redness and / or redness of the skin blood tests showing an increase in liver enzymes shown in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy other possible side effects that may be seen during treatment with fetcroja : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , pain , redness or swelling . blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : this may include a serious allergic reaction that may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or other parts of the body severe swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . these side effects usually occur after the first dose of depocyte . if you notice any of these effects , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you notice any of the side effects , or if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , throat tightness , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) influenza ( influenza ), blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , headache , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat ( sinus congestion ) sneezing , high or low blood pressure , muscle spasm , skin rash , rash , increased itchy bumps on the skin , eyes or eyes ( jaundice ), blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may occasionally require a short time of time . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . lactic acidosis ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - seizures ( convulsions ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a serious allergic reaction called anaphylaxis . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a serious allergic reaction called anaphylaxis . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a serious allergic reaction called anaphylaxis . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue have been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . however , it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . however , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . some other side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , night sweats , rash itching of the skin , itching of the skin . back pain . other side effects in adolescents very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of your soles of your feet , which may cause pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever have been reported . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) skin rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of your soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) pain , swelling , redness and itching ( especially in the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ), which may cause pain , swelling , redness and swelling ( oedema ) usually in the hands and soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness and itching ( oedema ). swelling usually of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may cause pain , swelling , redness and oedema ( oedema ). swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ). if you experience pain , swelling and / or redness of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the pain , swelling or redness ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( which may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - combined - up of lactic acid in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness - cough - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or cramps - seizures ( seizures ) - headache , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea and vomiting . these side effects are usually mild or moderate . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your breathing_(angioedema . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea and / or vomiting . these side effects can become serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( hypocalcaemia ), which may be severe and could lead to seizures . contact your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with cinacalcet_accordpharma . - swelling of the face and throat ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea and / or vomiting . these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea and / or vomiting . these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects . these side effects could become serious . - if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , hives ( urticaria ), as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing stop using this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) - sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - rash ( pruritus ) - loss of appetite ( erythema ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy or paleness ( signs of high level of ammonia in the blood , known as hypoglycaemia ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) - feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ) - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy , - paleness , lack of energy , - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy , - paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy , hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy , - paleness , lack of energy , - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling of hands and feet , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , change in mood , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy , hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , problems with digestion , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings or paleness , loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ), - feeling sick ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings or paleness , loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ), - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) - sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( erythema ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling or paleness - paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness ( signs of low level of potassium in the blood , known as paleness ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) - feeling sick ( hypoglycaemia ) - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness ( signs of low level of potassium in the blood , known as paleness ) - loss of appetite ( wheezing ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) - loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ) - weight loss - hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings or paleness , lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : infection , fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach inflammation , stomach inflammation , tiredness , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea and vomiting . symptoms of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : symptoms of inflammation and inflammation of the pancreas , infection , fever , chills , sweats . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach ache , kidney problems ( angina pectoris ), at_night , at_night stools , diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting ( inflammation of the liver ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( the frequency of this side effect is common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach ache , kidney problems ( angina , angina , see section 110 warnings and precautions '). diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting , 110 stools , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach ache , kidney problems ( angina pectoris ), at_night , at_night stools , diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting ( inflammation of the liver ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( oedema ) at_night difficulty in breathing if any of these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( oedema ) at_night difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , kidney problems ( angina pectoris ), at_night , at_night stools , diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting ( inflammation of the liver ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fever feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) common : upper respiratory tract infection ( such as abdominal pain , muscle aches ) liver enzymes ( may show up in blood tests ) fever fever feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( low red blood cell count ) anaemia ( low red blood cell count ) pale skin , muscle cramps or muscle pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( asthenia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - swelling - swelling of the face , eyes or throat - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - wheezing - throat irritation - throat irritation - dizziness - fainting - severe swelling of the skin and around the skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - hair loss ( alopecia ) - increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) - eye pain - discomfort - swelling around the skin and / or throat - shortness of breath - nose bleed - 28 - 30 - mouth ulcers - 28 - 30 - mouth ulcers - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath - fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the face , eyes or throat ( difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath ) - dizziness - fainting - severe swelling of the skin and around the eyes ( hand - foot syndrome ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - swelling of the layers of the brain ( electrocardiogram ) - muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting or fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the face and / or throat ( which may cause difficulty in swallowing or shortness of breath ) - swelling of the face , skin and / or throat ( which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - fainting - fainting ( which may be a symptom of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the back of the neck , arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - muscle pain - discomfort or swelling in the limbs - shortness of breath - nose bleed - 28 - 30 - mouth ulcers - 28 - 30 - mouth ulcers - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - diarrhoea - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - eye_pain - back pain - discomfort or swelling at the injection site - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the eyelid ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the eyelid ( electrocardiogram ) - swelling of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - swelling of the layers of the skin ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath - fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing - dizziness - fainting - severe swelling of the skin and other parts of the eyes ( hand - foot syndrome ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blood clots in the veins ( electrocardiogram ) - muscle pain , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fainting or fainting - fainting - fainting - swelling of the face and / or throat ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , skin and / or throat ( which may cause difficulty in swallowing or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using viagra and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as fever and seizures ( fits ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining around the heart , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , tightness of the throat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , tightness of the throat , rapid heartbeat , high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following additional side effects : - very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - paranoia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of parkinson ' s disease , dyskinesia ( e . g . dyskinesia ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - decreased appetite - confusion - tiredness - fatigue ( asthenia ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( 73 - 73 - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - constipation - vomiting - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - paranoia - abnormal dreams - delusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - amnesia ( memory disturbance ) - hyperkinesia ( increased movements and inability to keep still )* - weight increase - paranoia - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* amnesia ( amnesia ) - memory loss - hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - confusion - excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep - weight increase - weight increase - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) - fainting - restlessness - hearing loss - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - increased appetite - hiccups - pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - eye redness , eye redness , increased eye pressure , increased sweating , visual blurred , eye redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : detachment of the eye , eye redness , eye redness , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , dry eye , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , dry eye , increased tears , dry eye , increased tears , dry eye , increased tears , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , eyelid redness , eye redness , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased eye pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : corneal_disorder , blurred vision , eye redness , eye redness , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eye redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased eye pressure , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased eye pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased eye pressure , blurred vision , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , increased eye pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , corneal_disorder dry eye , eye redness , eyelid redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : eye redness , eyelid redness , eye redness , eye redness , dry eye , dry eye , increased tears , redness of the eye , eyelid redness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or eosinophilia ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) , flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor the_following_symptoms if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain , redness and / or hives . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain or redness of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain and possibly eyesight problems such as changes in the way things taste . your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get symptoms such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your skin , itching , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause tightness of the skin , itching , chest tightness or tightness of the chest , chest pain and cough . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of liver problems : - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain , redness , or swelling at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - cough - stomach pain or discomfort ( including stomach pain ) - stomach pain - low blood pressure - cough - high blood pressure - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - painful and frequent urination - blood in urine - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), dry mouth , nasal congestion , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , fatigue , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( a type of infection ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), blurred vision , dry eye , eye tingling , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , fatigue , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), blurred vision , dry mouth , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , fatigue , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), blurred vision , dry eye , eye tingling , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , fatigue , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), upper respiratory tract infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory infection , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ), upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or abnormal sensation in the arms or legs ( peripheral neuropathy ), blurred vision , dry mouth , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , fatigue , fatigue , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), neutropenia ( neutropenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , such as itchy rash , hives , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , wheezing and symptoms of severe allergic reactions ( difficulty breathing , wheezing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), trouble breathing or wheezing , severe itching of the skin and hives . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling sick - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - upset stomach - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - pain in
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions allergic reactions as difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) liver problems such as liver problems , nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , thinking , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , hallucinations , difficulty in thinking or behaviour , thinking or behaviour , hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , itching , or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ). these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other allergic reactions may occur . if you notice a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may give you other medicines to control your side effects . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
