like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , pain and fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anaemia ( low red blood cell count ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fatigue , increased levels of uric acid in your blood , vomiting , nausea . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , yellow skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other types of rash ( erythema multiforme ), rash , a widespread rash with peeling skin and blisters of the face , eyes or mouth , peeling skin , foot skin or foot ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of incivo , you will need immediate medical advice . vomiting . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , fainting ( dehydration ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , itching , rash , yellow skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to foot or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking zinbryta and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions at the application site ( death ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions at the application site , stomach pain , eczema , loss of appetite liver problems . liver problems that may show up in blood tests are : increase in the number of white blood cells or lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . symptoms of liver problems such as eczema , eczema , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain and upset stomach or upset stomach . these may be seen in the results of blood tests . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinbryta . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( affects 10 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience this side effect , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . hypoglycaemia ( very common ) hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have a seizure , especially if you experience symptoms such as swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , as these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , vomiting ( flatulence ), stomach ache , stomach ache , abnormal liver function tests , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , hair loss , rash , hair loss , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , low levels of some enzymes in your blood . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of anaphylactic reaction ( difficulty in breathing , feeling dizzy , nausea , vomiting ), abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms of anaphylactic reaction include difficulty breathing , feeling dizzy , nausea , vomiting , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ,
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : allergic reactions as these can be seen as a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site reactions ( such as redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given or injection site rotation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - 10_people_pain - bruising - itching - fever - stomach pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle pain - blurred vision - loss of hair - pain , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching - joint pain - muscle spasms - flu - like symptoms - pain , bruising , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - injection site reactions ( such as itching , urticaria ) - inflammation or bruising ( vasculitis ) - allergic reactions including skin rashes , joint pain , muscle and muscle pain - flu - like symptoms - flu - like symptoms such as inflammation of the central nervous system ( vasculitis ) - inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ) - skin rashes ( including joint pain and difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause difficulty breathing or stinging , which may be a sign of serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of swelling or itching at the injection site may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or stinging . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): signs of signs of pain such as pain , swelling , itching or redness of the skin ( angioedema ) ( angioedema ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects include : - itching , reddening of the skin , pain , swelling , redness or redness ( oedema ), weight loss , loss of appetite , low blood pressure ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) - increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 - increased appetite , - shortness of breath , high blood pressure and high blood pressure ( hypertension ), - hives , rash , itching , dry skin , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness - coughing up blood , - loss of appetite , high blood pressure ( signs of a low level of red blood cells called neutropenia ) - rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swelling , swelling , oedema ( oedema ), weight loss , loss of appetite , low blood pressure ( neutropenia ), lymphopenia , leukopenia , increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 - increased appetite , - shortness of breath , high blood pressure and low blood pressure ( symptoms may be hives , rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of your body , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) - coughing up blood , - loss of appetite , high blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells called neutropenia ) - rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swelling , swelling , oedema ( oedema ), weight loss , loss of appetite , low blood pressure ( neutropenia ), lymphopenia , leukopenia , increased appetite , dizziness , headache , rash 46 - increased appetite , - shortness of breath , high blood pressure and low blood pressure ( symptoms may include hives , rash , itching , dry skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other part of the body ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness - coughing up blood , - loss of appetite , high blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) - hives , rash , itching , dry skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , rash , itching , dry skin , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness - coughing up blood , - loss of appetite , high or low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells called neutropenia ) - rash , itching , dry skin , dry skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of your body - difficulty breathing or swallowing , rash , itching , dry skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness - coughing up blood - these may be signs of a condition called pulmonary embolism ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have : - angioedema , which may be signs of a serious condition called angioedema ( e . g . sore throat , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ) - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , coughing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of angioedema , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . - sudden decrease or loss of consciousness - which may be life - threatening . - if you feel light - headed or if you feel light - headed or if you have tightness in your chest , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . - a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a feeling of fullness in your hands or feet ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ). - sore throat - sore throat - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - headache - pain in the upper abdomen or throat - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - headache - pain in the upper abdomen or throat - dry mouth - coughing up blood - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision - changes in your blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision - changes in the colour of your eyes ( this may be a sign of glaucoma ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ) - urinary retention ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat o severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects such as : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects such as : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itching of the skin - raised bumps of the skin to the sun - some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itching of the skin - raised and itchy rash in the skin - raised bumps of the skin some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itching of the skin - raised bumps of the skin to the sun - some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itching of the skin - raised and itchy rash in the skin - raised bumps of the skin some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat - skin rash - hives - severe itching of the skin or raised bumps of the skin that itch - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects include : - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness or fainting . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − decreased appetite ; dizziness ; headaches ; fainting ; loss of strength ; bruising or tingling of hands and feet ; low blood pressure ; bruising ; discolouration and infection of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or fainting ; increased risk of blood clots ; bruising or discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause dizziness or fainting ; rapid or irregular heartbeat ( bruising ); swelling of the arms and legs ; decreased number of platelets in the blood ( which can affect clotting ); bruising ; discolouration of the skin ; worsening of a condition called dermatitis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite ; dizziness ; headaches ; fainting ; loss of strength ; bruising ; bleeding at injection site ; general disorders ( such as bruising , discolouration or infection ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . platelets , and / or blood in the urine ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased bruising of the skin ( such as blood in the urine ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): infection of the bone marrow to produce new red blood cells ( platelets ); blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ); very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness ; headaches ; fainting ; loss of strength ; bruising and bleeding at the site of injection ; general reactions that may affect up to 1 in 10 people : decreased appetite ; dizziness ; headaches ; fainting ; loss of strength ; bruising and bleeding at injection site ; general disorders ( such as bruising , discolouration or infection ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection of the blood ( e . g . platelets , and / or blood in the urine ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): − swelling of the face and / or throat ; blood clots in the blood vessels that can affect your lungs , which could be accompanied by bruising , discolouration or infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased number of white blood cells , which can cause dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site . general disorders : - bruising or discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased number of white blood cells , which can cause dizziness , fainting , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at injection site . general disorders : - bruising or discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , loss of sensation , bruising or tingling of the skin . - general disorders : - bruising and discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising or bleeding at injection site . - general disorders : - bruising and discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising or bleeding at injection site . - general disorders : - bruising and discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising or bleeding at injection site . - general disorders : - bruising and discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite , dizziness , headaches , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising or bleeding at injection site . - general disorders : - bruising and discolouration of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - decreased appetite ,
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must immediately contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you experience symptoms like difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , headache , or unexplained bruising , please inform your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop using your_medicine and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as : - difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_lips,_mouth,_throat_or_eyes) , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - difficulty breathing , or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing or dizziness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported by some patients : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , fainting , tingling , numbness or urticaria ( urticaria ), urticaria ( itchy rash ) - bruising - pain at the injection site - low blood platelet count
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) visual problems such as blurred or penis sensation in your penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation at the injection site . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the eye ( macular oedema ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling of pressure in the neck , feeling of penis or penis feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased appetite . increased sweating . increased sweating . difficulty in sleeping , trembling , headache , increased blood pressure , liver function tests , diarrhoea , nausea . kidney problems . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased cholesterol levels in the blood , decreased appetite . increased acidity of the white , increased lipids in the blood , decreased appetite . increased liver enzymes seen in blood tests . a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , loss of appetite , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , loss of consciousness , eye infection , tingling and numbness ( especially in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired sensation in the mouth ). dizziness , impaired vision . nervous system disorders : blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , bleeding in the eye . bleeding in the brain . cough . flu - like symptoms . stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite . bloating , loose stools , bloating , loose stools . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may be fatal . signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and flu - like symptoms . stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching of the skin , itching , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and flu - like symptoms . stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ). yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and flu - like symptoms . stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ). such as itching , flu - like symptoms , stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , loss of appetite , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( signs of liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ). in patients with chronic renal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth ( very common ). allergic reaction : if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , some patients may experience headache , dizziness and symptoms of fever , fatigue , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , fever and nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) rash , feeling unwell or sudden drop in blood pressure . this could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , feeling unwell , sudden reddening of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , light - headedness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash , hives , headache , dizziness , nausea , shortness of breath , feeling unwell , sudden loss of consciousness , fatigue , dizziness , headache and fever . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) rash , feeling unwell , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 % of patients ): rash ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , - fever , - sweating or lightheadedness , - signs of infection ( e . g . abscess or tb ) - fever ( very common ). - if you have a cough , fever or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 24 common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - joint swelling ( oedema ) - numbness , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) - decreased appetite - confusion - headache uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - muscle weakness ( myalgia ) - numbness , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - confusion - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - runny nose - blood in urine ( proteinuria ) - irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) - itchy rash ( pruritus ) - skin irritation ( cellulitis ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - muscle weakness ( myalgia ) - muscle weakness ( myalgia ) - numbness or muscle weakness ( neuropathy ) - abnormal dreams - weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - swelling of the face and throat ( angioedema ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , tired , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats , blood in urine , scarring of the chest , scarring of the ear , loss of appetite , buzzing , numbness , tingling , prickling , migraine , migraine , dizziness , vertigo , double vision , balance disorders , buzzing , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , chest pain or abdominal pain , abdominal pain , indigestion , vomiting . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . muscle cramps , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in urine , blood in the urine . lungs , muscle pain , pain in your arms or legs . injection site reactions , such as redness and swelling . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or paleness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - wheezing or breathing difficulties - symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , - dizziness , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or sugar , blisters and / or fatty_lumps . - if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction , stop using dzuveo and see your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - increased heart rate - nose bleed - vomiting - acid reflux - rash - itchy skin - raised levels of some liver enzymes - sugar or sugar - sugar in the urine - allergic reactions - breathing difficulties - wheezing - chest pain - low blood pressure - increased heart rate reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - fever , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - skin rash , which may be accompanied by blisters and peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - if you have a temperature of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever and tired . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - falls common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - weight loss - falls common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the amount of sodium in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , these side effects are uncommon . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , back pain , increased heart rate , low blood pressure , asthma , nose bleeds , inflammation , pain , redness , swelling , itching , abnormal heart rhythm , visual disturbance , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , dry eye , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , blurred vision , blurred vision , high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , throat inflammation , sneezing , asthma , sinus infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , chest pain , sneezing , asthma , sinus infection , sneezing , asthma , sinus infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , excessive gas in the stomach or intestine , high or low blood pressure , loss of taste , burning sensation , increased sensitivity to touch , blurred vision , nose bleeds , cough , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , sinus infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine or vaginal discomfort , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , chest pain , sneezing , asthma , collection of fluid around the heart , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart , loss of taste , burning sensation , pain in the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dry eye , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , infection of the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in the arms or legs , feeling of spinning , blurred vision , blurred vision , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , sinus infection , vomiting , abdominal pain , changes in the way things taste increased or low blood pressure , loss of taste , eye pain , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , dry eye , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , infection of the skin , rash , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , increased blood pressure , infection , rash , pain in the limbs , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness , dry mouth , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , infection of the skin , rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , decreased number of red blood cells , infection , rash , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , burning sensation , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , muscle pain or swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , swollen glands , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and see your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - sweating , - breathing difficulties or dizziness , - fast heart beat , - fast heartbeat , - urinary tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to low_blood_sugar_levels_(hypoglycaemia) in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( shaking ) - sweating - feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused or headache - changes in your sense of taste - a change in your mood or feeling confused . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( shaking ) - sweating - feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused or headache - changes in your sense of taste - a change in your mood or feeling confused . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling hungry , headache , change in vision - a change in your mood or feeling confused or headache . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness or loss of appetite . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness , or loss of appetite . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your diabetes or a different medicine for your diabetes . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness or loss of taste . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness or loss of taste . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . if you do not feel better while taking this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : shaking , shaking , sweating , dizziness or loss of taste . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking combination antiretroviral medicines such as low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , changes in vision your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , hair_loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , fatigue , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , fatigue ( lack of energy ) at injection site , injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at injection site reactions at injection site , injection site reactions , pain , redness , swelling and inflammation at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , fatigue ( generally feeling unwell ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at injection site reactions at injection site , injection site pain , redness , swelling and inflammation . at the injection site reactions , such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation . at the injection site reactions , such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation . at the injection site reactions , such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation . at the injection site reactions , such as pain , redness , swelling or inflammation . at the injection site reactions can occur . injection site reactions ( injection site pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) have been reported . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , and / or feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ), decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , fatigue ( generally feeling unwell ) at injection site , injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at injection site may occur . injection site reactions ( injection site pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at injection site may occur . injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at injection site may occur . injection site reactions ( injection site pain , redness , swelling and fatty lumps ) have been reported . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , frequent urination , fatigue ( generally feeling unwell ) at injection site , injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling and inflammation ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , nosebleed , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , fatigue ( generally feeling unwell ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection , fever , chills , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness . symptoms of flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling and discomfort . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypotension ( allergic reaction ). symptoms may include : rash , dry skin , acne , skin_redness , swelling , feeling hot . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness . symptoms of flushing , rash , feeling hot , swelling and discomfort . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): hypotension allergic reaction with symptoms such as rash , dry skin , acne , skin redness , acne , swelling and feeling dizzy . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . stop taking mvasi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or chest pain , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with bevacizumab has been observed with bevacizumab . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or discomfort in your arms and legs , decreased number of red cells in the blood , loss of hair , muscle cramps or joint , muscle cramps , muscular weakness , thirst , thirst , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or chest pain . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get any of the side effects listed above . - if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking bevacizumab and see your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following side effects , as you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , tenderness , pain or discomfort in your arms and legs , decreased number of red cells in the blood , - loss of hair - muscle cramps , joint or joint pain , - joint pain , - thirst , - thirst , - loss of appetite , - low blood pressure , - pain in arms or legs , - muscle cramps , - muscular pain , - thirst , - thirst , - reduced or loss of your feet , - inflammation of the sinuses , - inflammation of the lining around the nose ( painful ulcers ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions . the signs may include difficulty breathing , chest pain , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects when taking bevacizumab alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood in the urine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your skull , as well as fever and chills , as breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain ) - acute kidney failure , which may be life - threatening , which may be life - threatening . - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or other parts of your skull . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - nausea and vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination , arm or leg pain , or leg pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which are signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). symptoms may include : fever , chills , or breathing problems as these may be signs of lung infection , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular pulse , rapid breathing , or fluid in the chest , or fluid in your lungs . - swelling or swelling in your arms and legs . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular pulse , arm or leg pain , or leg pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which are signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). symptoms may include fever , chills , or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and abdominal pain ) - acute pancreatitis ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs ) - pulmonary embolism ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination ) - bone pain . - muscle spasm . - muscle spasm . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness or lightheadedness , which are signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( a condition where the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). symptoms may include : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - lung infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - abdominal pain - visual disturbances - vision problems - eye infection - such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular pulse , arm or leg pain , or leg pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or other signs of infection caused by infection of the lung , which may be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and abdominal pain ) - visual disturbances such as blurred vision , eye swelling , or fluid in the lungs . - swelling caused by fluid build up in the feet and other parts of the body . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other possible side effects of tecartus include : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness , or coughing up blood - these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the skull ). symptoms may include : fever - chills - rapid or irregular heartbeat - heart problems - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - abdominal pain - visual disturbances - loss of consciousness - eye infection - such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , frequent urination - bone pain ( muscle spasm ) - muscle spasm - muscle spasms common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lightheadedness or other signs of infection - infection of the lung - serious infections ( including life - threatening and viral infections ) - infection of the urinary tract ( symptoms include : fever , chills , and breathing problems ) - lung infection - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain - visual disturbances - vision problems - eye infection , such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , irregular or deep breathing - blood clots in the veins or lungs , which may be associated with blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , such as hives , rash , itching on the skin , peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms such as hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms such as hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency is common ). some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms such as hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin and a sulphonylurea : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation some patients have experienced different types of stomach discomfort when starting the combination of sitagliptin and metformin together ( frequency
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with xultophy treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , itching , swelling and / or swelling ) have been reported . if you have swelling , bruising or bruising at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse . these reactions can become more severe , or they may become severe . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , bruising , swelling and bruising ) at the infusion site may occur . these can be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) 49 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a rash , itching , rash , peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and / or fever . - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a rash , itching , or dry skin , pain or inflammation ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the symptoms may include : a rash , itching , dry skin , pain or inflammation ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of treatment , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness and itching ( conjunctivitis ) and loss of vision . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , viral infection . low blood platelet count . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash , itching , dry skin , pain and inflammation ( inflammation of the pancreas ) have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , rash . the other side effects have been reported with orkambi : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , pain , pain in the eyes , loss of appetite , nausea and increased liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , shortness of breath ( which may be associated with abdominal or abdominal pain ), abdominal pain , rash . abnormal liver function tests . increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , raised levels of liver enzymes . rash , redness and pain in the joints . increase in liver enzymes . increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : double vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - dizziness - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - allergic reactions ( rash ) 78 if any of these symptoms occur , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , heart attack , rapid heart rate , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low heart rate , feeling sick , sweating and these symptoms can be symptoms of low blood pressure , which could be symptoms of low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , dizziness , sweating , rapid heart rate , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , excitement , sweating , rapid breathing , redness of the skin , redness and swelling have also been reported . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , seek immediate advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , excitement , symptoms of low blood pressure , low blood pressure , which may cause dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , or low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , chest pain , or low blood pressure , which could be symptoms of dizziness , light - headedness , redness of the skin , redness and swelling tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems : irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , sweating , rapid heartbeat , heart attack or irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , or low blood pressure with symptoms such as dizziness , light - headedness , redness of the skin , redness and swelling have been reported with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may be sudden difficulty breathing or chest pain , which could be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection . these reactions can be avoided by changing the end of this leaflet . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ovaleap . this will help reduce the likelihood that the side effect continues or becomes severe . this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 ' warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood . if you experience any of the following side effects , as you may need urgent medical attention : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you have proliferative retinopathy ( an eye disease related to diabetes ) may be life - threatening . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic or anaphylactoid reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), itchy skin or spots on your skin that may progress to a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . mouth and genitals ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gallstones , irritation and / or ulcers in the mouth . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection , or in the number of all types of blood cells ( platelets ) - low platelet count , high blood sugar , low sodium in the blood , - anxiety , depression , anxiety , - abnormal skin sensations like tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands or feet , loss of balance , paralysis of the eye , - blurred vision , - inflammation of the eye , - pain or inflammation in the eye , - abnormal sensation in the eye , - blurred vision , - eye pain , - vertigo , - inflammation of the eye , - constipation , - indigestion , - inflammation of the liver , - inflammation of the liver , - liver failure , gallstones , joint inflammation , inflammation of the liver , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the pancreas , - inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using mvabea and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention : pain , swelling , redness or warmth at the injection site may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). itching at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling , pain , itching , warmth and swelling where the injection is given . warmth , swelling and pain where the injection is given . warmth and itching where the injection is given . warmth and itching where the injection is given . warmth and itching where the injection is given . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the injection site reactions including itching , redness , swelling and warmth where the injection is given . warmth and itching where the injection is given . warmth and itching where the injection is given . warmth and itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) shaking , feeling dizzy , feeling of tiredness , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles . these symptoms generally develop within a few days to a few weeks . if they do not disappear , or if they last for more than you should you should contact a doctor . disappear in 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). other possible signs of skin_problems include feeling dizzy , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles . these symptoms generally develop in a rapid fashion . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients receiving this medicine ( see also section 2 ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common cold ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( the signs may include : breathlessness , blurred vision , heart attack , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction . the signs may include : breathlessness , blurred vision , visual attack , vision infections , breathlessness , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure on standing up ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using temybric_ellipta and tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other signs of pneumonia , which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must stop taking temybric_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention : - fever or chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore or raised , raised patches in your skin ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - a sore throat or a hoarse voice - in your mouth - in your mouth - in your throat - from the vagina - blood in the urine - from the vagina - blood in the urine - joint pain - back pain - constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat - fractures - side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop using zinforo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin and anaphylaxis ( hives ) at the injection site ( anaphylaxis ) as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , including itching , hives , swelling , or tightness in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get a severe allergic reaction , including itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swallowing or breathing problems . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) that may be life - threatening . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) that may be life - threatening . - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . itching , hives , swelling , swelling and / or pain at the injection site ) - anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). - if you develop a rash , swelling , or tightness in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). - flu - like symptoms ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - itching , irritation or pain where the injection is given . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - irritation , bruising or bleeding . - a decrease in the levels of some enzymes in your blood ( neutropenia ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ). - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - irritation or bruising . - bleeding . - if you have a slight decrease in the number of or certain white blood cells ( neutropenia ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ). - antibiotic very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - irritation or bruising . - bleeding . - if you have a slight decrease in the number of or certain white blood cells ( neutropenia ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in your blood ( shown in a blood test ). - antibiotic very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . - itching . - irritation or pain where the injection is given . - irritation or bruising . - bleeding . - if you have a reduction in the amount of some white blood cells ( neutropenia ). - a decrease in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( e . g . pain_in_limb ), pain_in_limb , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability . disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tingling feeling , numbness , sedation , lethargy , insomnia , fatigue , feeling abnormal . blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , problems with balance , fall . dry mouth , constipation , vomiting , flatulence , diarrhoea , nausea , swollen abdomen . difficulties with erection . swelling of the body including extremities . feeling drunk , abnormal style of walking weight gain . weight gain . muscle cramp , joint pain , back pain , back pain . sore throat . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people loss of appetite , weight loss , low blood sugar , high blood sugar . change in perception of self , restlessness , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight , unusual eye movement , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , reduced reflexes , increased activity , depression , agitation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , panic attack , apathy , aggression , elevated mood , mental impairment , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve a sexual climax , delayed ejaculation . changes in eyesight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with xadago : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea - abdominal pain - constipation - vomiting common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - increased appetite - dizziness - headache - muscular pain - 31 - back pain - joint pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - back pain - weakness , fatigue , bruising , falling easily - loss of appetite - feeling weak or cramps - disorientation - high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - increased appetite - stiffness and injury - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( injury to injury ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( fits ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - disorientation , mood swings , dizziness , restlessness , fainting , abnormal dreams , irregular heartbeat , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes be severe have been reported with zytiga . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) such as rash and other allergic reactions have been reported with prednisone . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe infections ( including sepsis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) heart attack , chest pain , heart attack , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , irregular heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , low blood pressure , chest pain , irregular heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood pressure , chest pain , chest pain , rapid heart beat low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for calcium ; low blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for phosphate ; high blood sugar ; high blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; autoantibodies present in the blood ; low blood potassium . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin levels in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) raised bilirubin levels in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelet count . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using ritemvia and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an infection : - fever , chills or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue , throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have an infection . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following : - fever , signs of infection or inflammation of the body ( uncommon ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( bronchospasm ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( itchy ) - itchy skin - vomiting ( flushing ) - palpitations ( palpitations ) - heart attack - low blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a rash , you will have to be treated with an injection of the infusion , such as fever , chills or shivering . - headache . - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have an infection . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you develop fever . - signs of infection such as inflammation of the body , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( stomach ), feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , - palpitations ( palpitations ), - palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with ritemvia . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the start of the infusion and may give you to counteract the side effects . the infusion can be continued after the start of the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills or severe breathing problems : if you experience any of these symptoms : chills or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling dizzy or weak common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat difficulty in breathing ( dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , fainting , somnolence ( somnolence ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting and itching . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty sleeping , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness . increased levels of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( which is a sign of sepsis called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : sepsis ( sepsis ) which may cause severe and life - threatening , even life - threatening skin rashes ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of pain in the chest , feeling of being unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( which is a sign of sepsis called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : sepsis ( sepsis ) which may cause severe and life - threatening , even life - threatening skin rashes ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of being unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . the symptoms may include : wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , hives , low blood pressure and treatment with afstyla treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) may be seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled bleeding ( such as seizures , convulsions , fever , chills or other signs of severe_headache , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - unusual bruising or bleeding ( common ). - if you experience loss of appetite , weakness , shortness of breath , or weakness , or shortness of breath with or without abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , bowel pain or bowel , haemorrhoids , dry mouth , deafness or dry mouth - earache , or hot flushes . - symptoms of inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth , as well as vomiting and diarrhoea . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood levels of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - lymphopenia ( thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever ( high temperature ) common ( may affect up to the_reduction in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - lymphopenia ( thrombocytopenia ) - allergic reaction - fever ( high temperature ) may occur in patients who are treated with a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ; - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ; - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , hives ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) dizziness rapid heart beat faster heart beat faster heart beat high blood pressure nasal congestion stomach ache indigestion feeling sick ( sick ) vomiting reflux of reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in the arms or legs and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fainting , stroke or loss of consciousness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( hives ), itchy skin , hives ( nettle - johnson syndrome ) or toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss not being feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) reflux of reflux of reflux of the lens , blurred vision , eye swelling , or vision blurred vision . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fainting , stroke or loss of consciousness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( hives ), itchy skin , hives ( nettle - johnson syndrome ) or hives ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ). not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat visual problems such as seeing eyes or eyes swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may cause difficulty in breathing or stroke . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of migraine , since it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness rapid heart beat if you notice any of the above signs : high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nasal congestion , indigestion , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing or blood , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , redness of the skin , dry mouth , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fainting , stroke or loss of taste , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( hives ), itchy skin , hives ( nettle - itchy rash ) or raised itchy bumps on the skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in the urine , increased sweating , heart attack , stroke , and sudden cardiac death . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : migraine , swelling of the face , serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ) hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . see also section 2 . if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , feeling dizzy or sweating as these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances such as blurred vision , coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - coma - visual disturbances - feeling dizzy - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - abnormal liver function tests - increased levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - abnormal liver function tests (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - symptoms may include : headache , drowsiness , nausea , muscle aches , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump or tissue ( tissue ) at the injection site , nose bleeds , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , tiredness , loss of appetite , weight loss , insomnia , tired , weakness , fatigue , bruising , bleeding or swelling at the site of injection ( haematoma ), which may be a sign of an increase of some liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - inflammation of the lung ( bronchitis ) - shaking , fainting , nausea , muscle pain , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump or lump at the injection site ( urticaria ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - shaking , fainting - a reaction where the injection is given - too high or low blood pressure - swollen lymph glands - urticaria ( itchy skin ) - urticaria ( difficulties in passing urine ) - kidney problems - urinary tract infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) - injection site reactions ( such as redness , pain , swelling and a hard lump ) - symptoms of a high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ) which can cause breathing difficulties , dry skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin cancer ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of severe skin cancer ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin cancer ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare severe skin reaction that causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of severe skin cancer ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare severe skin reaction that causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of severe skin cancer ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of severe skin cancer ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome , which can cause difficulty breathing , dry skin ( possible signs of stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a type of severe skin cancer ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare severe skin reaction that causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - constipation common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - low blood pressure - runny nose - skin rash - sneezing - cough - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain - muscle spasm - rash - oedema ( swelling and swelling ) in the back of the hands or mouth - heart_failure - difficulties in sleeping - changes in heart rate - loss of vision - oedema ( oedema ) - swelling and swelling in the back of the hands or mouth - blood clots in the veins of the legs - changes in the colour of the eye - blurred vision - swelling of the face - changes in the colour of the eye - loss of vision - swelling of the face - changes in the colour of the eye - general feeling of being unwell . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the eye - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the eye - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - effects in the eye : - changes in the colour of the eye ( retinal haemorrhage ) - damage to the clear layer of the eyeball ( the iris ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding - blisters of the eye - irritation of the eye - irritation of the eye - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - hair loss - changes in liver function - hair loss - itchy skin - abnormal hair growth - increased hair loss - increased hair loss - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain , swelling of hands , feet or legs - increased hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : corneal disorders - damage to the clear layer of the eye ( the clear layer of the eyeball ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - itchy skin , irritation of the eye - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - muscle pain - itchy skin - abnormal hair loss - increased hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - hair loss not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - muscle pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - itchy skin - hair loss not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - effects in the eye : - changes in liver function tests - muscle pain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - effects in the eye : corneal disorders - damage to the clear layer of the eye ( the clear layer of the eyeball ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - itchy skin - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the outer layer of the eye - redness of the skin - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - irritation of the eyelid - hair loss - abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), as a consequence of low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or pain in the abdomen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): loss of appetite ( arthralgia ), fever ( pyrexia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion ( anorexia ), heartburn , constipation , stomach pain , itching of the skin , rash , increased transaminases ( fatty acids ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . dehydration ), cough , chest pain , shortness of breath , nasal congestion (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness , your doctor may tell you to take an erection . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - muscle breakdown ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - wheezing - light - headedness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , - muscle spasms . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased mood , confusion , muscle muscle sexual problems , such as fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased interest , confusion , muscle stiffness , - muscle spasms , - fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision , - blurred vision . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased appetite , confusion , muscle muscle problems , abnormal fainting , fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased interest , confusion , muscle stiffness , - muscle spasms , - fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision , - increased blood pressure , confusion , muscle twitching , - increased eye pressure . - side effects in children and adolescents are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased appetite , confusion , muscle muscle problems , abnormal fainting , fainting , blurred vision - increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , - blurred vision , confusion , muscle muscle problems , and blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased mood , confusion , muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision , - increased tears , confusion , muscle twitching , - increased eye pressure , - blurred vision . - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - shortness of breath , cough , asthma , throat irritation , asthma , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , increased blood pressure , decreased blood pressure , - confusion , muscle stiffness , and increased eye pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar levels ( asthma ) - shortness of breath - cough - fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased mood , confusion , muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , decreased mood , confusion , muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , - blurred vision . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - asthma - shortness of breath ( asthma ) - nasal congestion ( asthma ) - throat irritation - tiredness - increased blood pressure - increased eye pressure - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness and nausea . these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like illness - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( haematoma ) - haematoma ( a type of skin cancer ) - tissue pain - pain in the area of the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin ( such as swelling , a hard lump ) - haematoma ( rash ) - changes in the colour of your skin ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in the colour of your skin ( haematoma ) - rash - changes in the colour of your skin ( haematoma ) - rash , red skin ( urticaria ) - muscle_aches - muscle pain , muscle spasms , joint pain , joint pain ( diverticulitis ) - back pain - diverticulitis ( low red blood cell count ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in the arms or legs - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can bruising ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can bruising ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs ( oedema ) - pain in extremity - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can bruising ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can bruising ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can bruising ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in your arms and / or legs ( due to a severe allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( epistaxis ) - difficulty breathing - chest pain - redness of the skin - itching - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ) - muscle cramp - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - pain - back pain - diverticulitis ( low red blood cell count ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in extremity , pain in the arms and / or legs ( may be due to a loss of some of your skin ) - low level of sodium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in extremity - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can anaemia ) - bruising ( haematoma ) - pain in extremity - pain in the arms or legs - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - bruising - haematoma ( swelling of the face ) - pain at the infusion site - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - sore throat - runny nose - nosebleeds - dry mouth - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( urticaria ) - changes in the colour of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( haematoma ) - haematoma ( a type of skin cancer ) - tissue pain in the area of the area where the injection is given - pain and redness of the skin - skin ulcer - hair loss ( alopecia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - sore throat ( epistaxis ) - itchy skin -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea pain in the stomach or abdomen stomach pain , abdominal pain , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) stomach pain , abdominal pain , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , abdominal pain , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting inflammation of the mouth , throat discomfort , dizziness 34 additional side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . adults and adolescents : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea pain in the stomach or intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain stomach pain , feeling sick vomiting , vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) headache inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - swelling of your face , lips or tongue , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ), which could be fatal ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - low blood pressure which may make you feel severe_bone,_joint or have a quickened lung erection - these may be signs of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms - fever , chills , weakness or discomfort in your thigh ( signs of bowel problems ). - interstitial lung disease ( interstitial lung disease ) such as yellowing of the lungs or the whites of your lungs , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms - - fever , joint swelling , - painful joints , or other painful skin , or other signs of low level of blood lipids ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity reactions . - chest pain - chest pain - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbance , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in your blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zoledronic_acid_hospira . - allergic reactions such as low blood pressure and chest pain - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbance , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in your blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zoledronic_acid_hospira . - allergic reactions such as low blood pressure and chest pain - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbance , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone pain . - low level of magnesium and potassium in your blood . your doctor will monitor this and take any necessary measures . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zoledronic_acid_hospira . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low level of phosphate in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , drowsiness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). - gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . - conjunctivitis . - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - hypersensitivity reactions . - low blood pressure . - chest pain . - skin reactions ( redness and swelling ) at the infusion site , such as rash , itching , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , dizziness , anxiety , sleep disturbances , taste disturbances , trembling , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , constipation , abdominal pain , dry mouth . - low counts of white blood cells and blood platelets . - low level of magnesium and potassium in the blood . your doctor will monitor this and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , dizzy , feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in the number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection and / or other types of platelets . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and low number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . sensation of your heart beat , sensation of heartbeat , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , restlessness , somnolence , fever , decrease in the number of white blood cells , platelets , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , changes in your mental status , fear with dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , fear of light , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of spinning , restlessness , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , fear of light , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , blurred vision , fear of light , dry mouth , acid reflux , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , changes in your sense of smell or fear , dry mouth , acid reflux , problems with your balance , somnolence , dry mouth , stomach discomfort , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , feeling sleepy , restlessness , feeling sleepy , increased sexual drive , fear with fear like fear , dry mouth , stomach pain , thrush_in_the_mouth , heartburn , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , changes in your sense of smell or fear . dry mouth , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , upset stomach , thrush_in_the_mouth stomach discomfort , indigestion , heartburn , skin rash , dry skin , acne , hair loss , back pain , muscle cramps , weakness , feeling tired , pain , back pain , back pain , pain , muscle weakness , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count , fever , decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping , sensation of restlessness , restlessness , feeling sleepy , changes in your sense of smell or fear . dry mouth , stomach pain , thrush_in_the_mouth , heartburn , heartburn , skin rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - runny nose - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - candidiasis ( a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ) - urinary tract infection - headache - fast heart beat - cough - stuffy nose - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - loss of hair - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - pain in limbs - muscle spasm - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - pain in muscles or bones - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasm - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - unusual tiredness or pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - unusual tiredness or pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - unusual tiredness or pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart beat - cough - chest pain - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - unusual tiredness or pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - fever - pain - itching - rash - muscle pain - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - high or low blood pressure - hoarseness - high or low blood pressure - low potassium levels in the blood - low potassium levels in the blood - headache - fast heart
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , abdominal pain or indigestion . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , headache , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma "). other side effects reported with clopidogrel_acino_pharma are : common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling tired - feeling tired - low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) - changes in the amount of food in your blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , depression , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , sleepiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , sleepiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , sleepiness , diarrhoea ( feeling sick ), wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . bumps or a burning sensation ) - bumps on the skin , bumps on the skin ( bumps on the skin ) and bumps ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ) - indigestion , loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - indigestion - general feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) - increased levels of sugar in your blood ( shown in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - kidney problems ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or sleepy , headache , increased muscle tension , tingling and / or burning sensation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people feeling sleepy feeling dizzy or dizzy on standing up , increased muscle tension , tingling and / or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or dizzy when standing up not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) increased pressure in the legs , arms , legs , or legs feeling dizzy , spinning sensation , vertigo , increased tears , tingling and / or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs feeling anxious , spinning sensation , vertigo , increased tears , vertigo , problems with balance , feeling of being drunk , difficulty in sleeping , vertigo , increased tearing in the eye , vertigo , feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy or having your ears , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 37 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or legs . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , itching ( pruritus ) - pain in the hand - like hand and muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - neutropenia ( inflammation of the liver ) - alt - neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) - alt - ggt ( a type of liver enzymes ) - alt ( ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver function tests ( alt , neutropenia ) - liver function test abnormalities ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver function tests ( alt , neutropenia ) - liver function test abnormalities ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver function test results ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - decrease in the number of liver enzymes ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) - liver function tests ( alt , ggt ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin - pain in the hand and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching , fever - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - neutropenia ( neutropenia ) - liver function test results showing decreased function of the liver ( alt ) ( ggt ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions - fever - chills - feeling tired - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - itching - rash - redness and peeling of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , this is usually of no concern .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or other parts of your heart ( e . g . cough , shortness of breath ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , rash , hair loss , itching , hair loss , muscle cramp , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , generalised rash ( frequency not known ), loss of appetite , trouble sleeping , decreased urine production , inability to sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness and fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or other parts of your heart ( e . g . cough , shortness of breath ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , itching , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain . some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking simbrinza : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or other parts of your heart ( e . g . cough , shortness of breath ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , itching , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , generalised rash ( frequency not known ), loss of appetite , trouble sleeping , decreased urine production , inability to sleep , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness and fainting . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , fainting , dizziness , drowsiness , redness and / or other parts of your heart ( e . g . cough or shortness of breath ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , - itching , hair loss , - hair loss , rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash , hair loss , - rash , itchy rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever - an increase in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells - infections : if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ). - inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( pancreatitis ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - pain , itching and fever - liver problems ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - anaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching and rash ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions injection site reactions ( injection site pain ) itching uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio were : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio are : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio are : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio are : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with defitelio are : fever fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) fever and difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . however , some patients have had fever and difficulty in breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( flatulence ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those seen in adults . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) fever and difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , diarrhoea , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin , joint pain or joint pain , 50 - tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , respiratory infection , decreased respiratory tract , cough , inflammation of the respiratory tract , cough , skin rash , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough ), difficulty breathing , rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . serious allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as measles - like rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , difficulty breathing , inflammation of the pancreas , rash , hives , vomiting , diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing , cough , difficulty breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), skin rash with measles - like measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), skin rash with measles - like measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), skin rash with measles - like measles - like rash , joint pain , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions . allergic reactions with measles - like symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing . inflammation of the pancreas , rash , hives , difficulty_breathing , stroke , irritability . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including measles - like symptoms , fever , difficulty breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be serious and life - threatening ( measles - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - skin rash , joint swelling , swelling , redness , pain and tenderness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - rash , irritability and stroke . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions - allergic reactions including measles - like symptoms such as rash , hives , difficulty breathing or bruising_under_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing ( potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) - rash , hives , vomiting , fever , stroke , irritability and seizures . - serious allergic reactions including measles - like
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin , damage to the armpits ( damage to the armpits ), damage to your body ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking jylamvo and tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . in addition , the signs of an infusion - related reaction ( e . g . fever or sore throat ) if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood . this can make you more likely to get dizziness or muscle weakness , confusion , feeling sleepy , tingling , tingling or blurred , dizziness or tired . these may be signs of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , shingles , dizziness or tired . these symptoms can be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), pneumonia , shingles , shingles , shingles , or numbness of the skin and mucous membranes . these symptoms may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - the dry eyes - stuffy nose - sneezing - sore throat - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain 36 other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - stuffy nose - sneezing - sore throat - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty breathing - sneezing - sore throat - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty breathing - passing_urine_painful - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - cough - high blood pressure - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure - feeling of pressure or pain in your cheeks and forehead - chest pain - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( musculoskeletal pain ) - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - chest pain - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - water retention ( oedema ) - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - water retention ( oedema ) - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - water retention ( oedema ) - pain in arms or legs - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - chest pain - diarrhoea - sore throat - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blurred vision - sneezing - sore throat - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty breathing - passing_urine_painful - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - cough - high blood pressure - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead - chest pain - feeling of pressure or pain in your chest - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain in arms or legs - pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - fever , chills or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , headache , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing , palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat infections , such as itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of serious side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may indicate symptoms of angioedema ( such as : difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or hives ) serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) such as angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , breathing difficulties , itchy rash and hives ) serious allergic reaction which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , hives or other signs of serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ). such reactions may be life - threatening . if you experience difficulty in breathing , dizziness , breathing difficulties or itchy rash ( hives ) as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver failure and may be life - threatening . if you experience kidney injury , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with topotecan_actavis . severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired ( tired ) or tired . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally generally feeling tired and tired . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause : o difficulty breathing or dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( caused by medicines given by injection at the same time ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash ( high temperature ) changes in how well your liver is working increase in the amount of bilirubin in the blood , which may be a sign of breakdown of muscle tissue ( interstitial lung disease ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) or the signs may include weight loss , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding : decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) low platelet count ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain in the abdomen hair loss ( alopecia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) rash ( high temperature ) increased levels of bilirubin in the blood , which may be a sign of breakdown of muscle tissue . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) breakdown of transplanted bone marrow ( interstitial lung disease ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) bleeding : weight loss , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding : decrease in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ) decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) low platelet count ( anaemia ) tiredness , dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) rash abnormal results of blood tests to check how well your liver is working working inflammation of the liver , which may be fatal ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : blood clots in the veins of the legs blood clots in the arteries of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) which may be associated with intestinal or rectal bleeding ( interstitial lung disease ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : a marked decrease in the number of platelets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) abnormal liver function tests ( yellow skin , yellowing of the whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite ) aggression , feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety or heartburn increased liver enzymes in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( combination of blood in the urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( combination of blood in the urine ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the skin or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , confused , drowsy or hypertension ( hypertension ), hypertension ( e . g . tingling , burning sensation or pain at the infusion site ), shortness of breath , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , constipation , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss and hair loss ( alopecia ), skin rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) low level of white blood cells , low level of calcium , calcium , magnesium , magnesium , calcium , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling or being sick ( constipation ), dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of sodium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling bloated , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of sodium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of sodium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling cold , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , blood test , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling or being sick ( hair_loss ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling bloated , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling or being sick ( constipation ), dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ) low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling bloated , hair loss , headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling or being sick ( constipation ), dry mouth , rash , dry skin , tiredness ( possible signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test hair hair , hair loss , constipation , dry mouth , feeling or being sick ( constipation ), dry mouth , rash ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth , as these may indicate sweating or infection ( called sepsis ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you get a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or atrophy_(wasting) ( common ) or having a fast heart rate ( uncommon ). if you have a combination of tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or atrophy_(wasting) ( when you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , tiredness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation ( stinging ) in the surface of the eye ( cornea ), - inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) - inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) - inflammation , swelling , redness , itching , high blood pressure and tiredness . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , difficulty breathing or asthma , asthma and severe allergic reaction . the following side effects have been reported with ganfort : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking ganfort in combination with phosphates in combination . the side effects in children and adolescents the side effects in children and adolescents of appendix years are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : hives , nettle rash , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice a cough , fever and / or fever . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , or if you have a cough , which could be associated with fever , difficulty breathing , pain , redness , blisters or blisters on the area of the skin . loss of appetite ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding in the stomach or intestine , such as diarrhoea , vomiting , severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area ( very common ). if you experience a cough , fever and / or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate bleeding , such as bleeding or bruising more easily than normal . this is a uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding . other possible side effects of gefitinib_mylan include : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal - headache - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( nausea ) - fever - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . bleeding or bruising under the skin ) - allergic reaction - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes may occur in patients who are treated with gefitinib_mylan . the frequency of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - gastrointestinal perforation , severe upper stomach pain , severe nausea and vomiting , or a cough with a fever - breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( bleeding , bruising or bleeding ) - allergic reaction - the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be life -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , fainting , dizziness , fainting , blurred vision , rashes , burning , pain or pain in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue . the body is usually on the body . burning , numbness , burning , pain , burning , headache , shortness of breath . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection , blurred vision , pain due to nerve damage . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( such as blurred or burning sensation ), burning and pain at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection , blurred vision , pain due to nerve damage . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection , blurred vision , pain due to nerve damage . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache , dizziness , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , blurred vision , urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , urinary tract infection , blurred vision , pain in your arms and legs . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - headache - dizziness - pain at the injection site - feeling tired ( having blurred vision ) - urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain due to nerve damage - loss of body fluids ( urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - numbness , burning or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as blurred or burning sensation ) - burning sensation ( burning and pain ) - reactions at the injection site ( injection site rotation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - blurred vision - pain in your arms or legs very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection - blurred vision . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea . urinary tract infection . - blurred vision . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site . - injection site reactions . common side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients receiving this medicine . symptoms may include : muscle pain , shortness of breath , coughing or confused , heart attack , rapid heart rate or bleeding , blood clots in the veins in the legs ( symptoms include back pain , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , heart attack or heart attack ), blood clots in the veins in the legs ( symptoms include tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , swelling , shortness of breath ), rapid heart rate , which may be signs of a blood clot in the artery of the body ( pulmonary embolism ), symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , swelling , shortness of breath and rapid heart beat . this is uncommon . signs of an uncommon ( may affect up to side_effect in 100 people ) heart attack , heart attack , heart attack , chest pain , discomfort in the upper right side of the genitals ( symptoms include tremors , confusion , blindness , difficulty breathing or rapid heart beat ), fluid in the lungs , which may be signs of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness , pain , shortness of breath , swelling , shortness of breath and rapid heart beat . these can be signs of a heart attack or heart attack . this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . signs of heart problems : heart attack , heart attack , chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals and around the anus . symptoms may include : tremors , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood , which may be signs of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain , shortness of breath , or rapid heart beat , which may be signs of a heart attack or heart attack . this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heart attack , heart attack , chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals and around the anus . symptoms may include tremors , confusion , blindness , and / or movement of the heart . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience symptoms such as tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain , swelling , shortness of breath , swelling , shortness of breath , and heart rhythm disturbances . this can be a sign of a heart attack or heart attack , which could be fatal , symptoms of tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain , shortness of breath , which may be signs of a heart attack or a heart attack . this is a uncommon side effect that may affect up to side_effect in 100 people . irregular heart beat ( heart attack , heart attack , chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals or around the anus ), symptoms of tremors , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat and coughing up blood . these can be signs of a heart attack or heart attack . this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack , heart attack , chest pain or discomfort , inflammation of the pancreas , genitals and around the anus . symptoms may include : tremors , confusion , blindness , shortness of breath , rapid heart beat , fluid in the lungs , which may be signs of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). symptoms may include : tiredness , confusion , blindness , numbness or pain , shortness of breath , or rapid heart beat . these can be signs of a heart attack or heart attack . this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical condition . lactic acidosis is a rare side effect that may affect up to side_effect in 10 people . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience signs of lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss feeling sick or being nausea stomach pain and nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than usual . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and feet ( especially in the trunk , trunk , trunk or body ). if you experience any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - vomiting - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) 52 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - stomach pain - allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling jittery ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - stomach pain - allergic reactions ( drowsiness , feeling jittery ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( e . g . mouth , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or difficulty in swallowing ) - bone pain and fractures ( fractures ) - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood in urine - breakdown of muscle - muscle pain , muscle weakness - blood clots in the veins in the legs - side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - kidney problems . other side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting overweight system listed in feet . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking treatment and a sulphonylurea : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs some patients have experienced the following additional side effects while taking treatment and a sulphonylurea : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs some patients have experienced the following additional side effects while taking treatment and a sulphonylurea : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , usually associated with a history of seizures ( epilepsy ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain , muscle pain , vomiting , constipation , abdominal pain and discomfort in your muscles or joints . - swelling of the legs , ankles or feet . - swelling , swelling , pain , redness and swelling have been reported in patients treated with prolia . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions such as rash , dryness , twitches or twitches of the skin , numbness , or burning sensation in your arms and / or legs , seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a blood clot in a blood vessel ( deep vein thrombosis or atrial fibrillation ). symptoms may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling , pain and / or pain have been observed with treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions such as rash , dryness , twitches or twitches of the skin , numbness , or burning sensation in your arms and / or legs , seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness . these symptoms can be symptoms of a high level of ammonia in your blood . this can be seen in a blood test . - changes in the rhythm of your heart ( qt prolongation ). symptoms may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , redness , swelling and pain ( usually mild to moderate ). some side effects could be serious . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , fever , chills or other signs of severe skin reactions , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin ), blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin , blistering of the skin
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions you need to look out for allergic reactions : allergic reactions ( allergic reactions ) signs of allergic reactions allergic reactions may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions redness of the skin , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these symptoms usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the injection site reactions including blisters , peeling , hardness , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , pain in the muscles and joints . injection site reactions ( injection site pain , injection site pain , headache , sleepiness ), crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying , sleepiness , coughing , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , nausea , crying , loss of appetite , crying , sleepiness , coughing . allergic reactions such as rash , itchy skin , fever . the reactions at the injection site reactions , such as peeling and peeling at injection site may occur . injection site reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ) which can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). they can also spread around the injection site . most minor reactions to insulins usually disappear in a few days to a few weeks . fever . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions ( including redness and peeling ) at the injection site . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . talk to your doctor if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): flushing , skin reactions , itching chest tightness ; difficulty in breathing chills or back_pain back pain low blood pressure . more severe reactions may occur . if you had an allergic reaction to paclitaxel , you may also experience an allergic reaction to docetaxel , which may be more severe . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and muscle pain and pains , back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypotension ) if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( such as nausea , constipation , diarrhoea and abdominal pain ) constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache insomnia ( high blood pressure ) constipation , diarrhoea , abdominal pain nausea ( flatulence ) constipation constipation rash ( pruritus ) rash feeling tired ( malaise ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): rash feeling unwell high blood pressure anxiety reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) wheezing , difficulty breathing , coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching , flushing , flushing , headache , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , coughing , wheezing , coughing ( pruritis ), diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , low blood pressure , nausea , rash , itching , headache , stomach pain , vomiting , wheezing or difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other possible side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - wheezing - difficulty breathing ( pruritis ) - itching ( pruritis ) - rash , itching , flushing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain at injection site - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( pruritus ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - rash - itching ( hives ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 patients ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness - reactions at the injection site ( such as rash , hives , wheals ) at the injection site . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity reactions . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - dizziness - fainting - loss of consciousness where the injection was given , such as rash , hives or wheals where the injection is given . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity reactions . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as blood in your urine , dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( very common ). the following side effects have been observed with rekovelle : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , drowsiness ( fatigue ), dizziness , drowsiness , nausea and vomiting . these events are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): − nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , swelling of the eyelid , drowsiness , dizziness , diarrhoea . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , skin rash , hives ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) coughing with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) coughing with difficulty breathing if you notice any of these signs , seek immediate medical advice immediately . if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using revinty_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . if you notice one or more of the following symptoms : wheezing , coughing , wheezing , fever or pneumonia . these may be signs of pneumonia ( lung infection ) the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain and fever . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the skin ( such as burning sensation in the mouth and throat ) angioedema ( inflammation of the mucous membranes ) inflammation of the mouth and throat ( angioedema ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) runny nose ( nasal congestion ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( stomatitis ) runny nose nose bleed ( epistaxis ) joint pain high blood pressure muscle spasms 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( pneumonia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) this can cause drowsiness , dizziness , or finding others tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience kidney problems such as kidneys or liver failure , such as hepatitis or liver problems such as liver failure , hepatitis ( up to liver failure ), hepatitis ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the skin ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . these side effects are very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to diabetic ketoacidosis and can be life - threatening .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), difficulty breathing , hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) difficulty breathing and hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) difficulty breathing and hives ( urticaria ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) difficulty breathing and hives ( urticaria ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported with orgalutran . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain allergic reactions ( see also above , in this section ) nausea and abdominal pain allergic reactions ( including hives and urticaria ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using blitzima and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - fever , chills or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , blisters , itching , sickness ( nausea ), tiredness , headache - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue , throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could be angina and can be life - threatening . - if you have an erection , which could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop an allergic reaction , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea or vomiting , as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue , throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could be angina and can be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop an allergic reaction , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea or vomiting , as these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure , wheezing , throat or tongue , throat or tongue , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen at the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your the_infusion . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , nausea or vomiting , low blood pressure , which may be signs of a blood clot , wheezing , throat or throat swelling , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , flushing or palpitations , palpitations , heart attack or low blood pressure , which could make you feel angina and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported with roactemra . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - rash , itching , hives , face or face swelling of the face , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or light - headedness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious infections ( including symptoms such as tiredness , itching , hives , skin_blisters on the face or tongue ), difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or light - headedness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious infections ( including symptoms such as tiredness , itching , hives , skin_blisters on the face or tongue ), difficulty in breathing , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , or light - headedness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( see section " warnings and precautions "). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino pharma if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking fetcroja and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or a severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a drop in the number of red and white blood cells and in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in fetcroja appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have also been reported with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : common ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling mainly of the tongue or throat ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) other side effects other side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino pharma if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until rare_side_effects ); swelling in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , nausea , or being sick ( vomiting ). - stomach pain . - weight increase . - increases in enzymes produced in the muscles ( enzymes in the muscles ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people - headache - skin rash . the side effects listed below have occurred with the use of lamivudine_teva : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - skin rash . other side effects include : - if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) and very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) deposits at the application site . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , itching , dryness of the surface of the eye , loss of appetite stomach problems , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( conjunctivitis ) common ( may affect up to eye_surface in 10 people ) inflammation of the eye ( conjunctivitis ), inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and conjunctivitis ( inflammation of the lining of the eye ), headache , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( conjunctivitis ) ( conjunctivitis ) in the treated area ( tiredness ), shivering , high blood pressure , rash , itching , hair loss ( conjunctivitis ) ( conjunctivitis ) in the treated area ( conjunctivitis ) in the treated area ( e . g . tiredness and shivering ), high blood pressure , rash , itching , hair loss ( conjunctivitis ), deposits in the eye ( conjunctivitis ) in the treated area . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : depression ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects in children common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache . side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching and darkening of the darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever have been reported in patients treated with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling or swelling in the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your foot to move ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , oedema ( oedema ) in the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , oedema ( oedema ) and fever have been reported in patients treated with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , swelling and palms ( palms of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ). if you notice pain , swelling , redness or oedema ( especially in the palms of the hands or soles of your feet ). if you get pain , swelling , redness or oedema ( especially in the palms of the hands or soles of your feet ). if you get pain , swelling , redness or oedema ( especially in the palms of the hands or soles of your feet ). if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) anaphylactic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reaction . if you get any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , 50 50 muscle pain , muscle spasms or cramps , rash , headache , breathing difficulties , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ), rash , headache , breathing difficulties or cough . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), low level of red blood cells ( hypocalcaemia ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing , wheezing or shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience this side effect , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking jentadueto and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : - infection , such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , stomach inflammation and fever . - signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , abnormal_dreams , chills , stomach ache , nausea and vomiting . - stomach pain . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience inflammation of the pancreas , which could be symptoms of infection ( such as fever , chills , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms include : drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness , fever ). - inflammation of the lungs ( symptoms may include drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , difficulty speaking , insomnia , dizziness , tiredness
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects these may affect more than 1 in 10 people : diarrhoea nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar levels . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : increased blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : fall in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure , fall . weight gain , nervousness , shaking , sweating , shaking , shaking , rapid breathing , faintness or fall . low blood sugar . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . talk to your doctor if you have symptoms of low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino pharma if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - upper stomach pain ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - feeling tired - abdominal pain - muscle pain - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( common ) - upper abdominal pain ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - feeling tired - pain in muscle , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - upper abdominal pain ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - feeling tired - abdominal pain - muscle pain - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( common ) - upper abdominal pain ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - fever - feeling tired - abdominal pain - muscle pain - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - upper abdominal pain ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - pain in muscle , muscle aches , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - upper abdominal pain ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired ( feeling tired ) - upper_abdominal_pain - muscle pain , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain - upper abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - stomach pain - muscle pain - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain ( upper stomach pain ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - abdominal pain - muscle pain - feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - fever - feeling tired - fever - upper abdominal pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - feeling tired - feeling tired - pain in limbs , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , eyes , eyes or throat , fluttering of your throat , fluttering of your throat , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , diarrhoea , sick , vomiting , feeling sick , dizziness and fainting . skin problems : fluttering of the skin , wheezing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swelling of the eyes , swelling , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling in the eyes , fluid retention , swelling , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting ( feeling sick ), 28 dizziness , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fainting , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), rash , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , chest pain , discomfort , swelling or swelling in the eyes , increased heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ), irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a blood clot in the heart ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder , which could be life threatening and lead to a blockage of the heart muscle ( electrocardiogram ) which could be a sign of sudden heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of sudden death , which may be life - threatening , which may be life - threatening . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - swelling of the face , eyes or throat - fluttering of the skin - swelling , swelling or discomfort in your hands and feet . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - rash - feeling unwell - difficulty sleeping - fainting - chest pain - fainting - chest pain - discomfort or swelling of the eyes - increased heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - the heart stopping beating of the heart ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - an increase in the amount of heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - an increase in the amount of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder - an increase in the amount of electrocardiogram in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - an increase in the amount of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder - an increase in the amount of electrocardiogram in the blood ( which carry oxygen ), which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder , which could be a sign of sudden death of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have been observed with viagra : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 10 people rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) dizziness nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to urge_to_behave_in_an_unusual_way_-_hallucinations in 10 people constipation , 74 , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , confusion , tiredness , fatigue , abnormal dreams , swelling of the hands or legs ( peripheral oedema ), headache ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , abnormal dreams , constipation , tiredness ( fatigue ), abnormal dreams , swelling of the hands or legs ( peripheral oedema ), headache ( hypotension ), low blood pressure , abnormal dreams , constipation , blurred vision , vomiting , being sick , vomiting , 74 , constipation , abnormal dreams , excessive sweating , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), 74 , abnormal dreams , weight loss , paranoia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) − delusion , amnesia ( loss of memory ), hallucinations ( loss of consciousness ), confusion , excessive sweating , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and hypotension ( low blood pressure ) rare ( may affect up to low_blood_pressure) in 10 , 000 users ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash , eye redness , eye redness , visual blurred , visual blurred , increased heart rate and increased blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - blurred vision , blurred vision , - blurred vision , - blurred vision , - increased pressure in the eye , - blurred vision . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision - blurred vision - eye irritation - blurred vision - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision - blurred vision - blurred vision - increased pressure in the eye - rash - changes in the colour of the eye reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - sleepiness , - tiredness and / or dizziness . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . pain in the upper abdomen ( hives ) rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness . symptoms of cough such as cough , fever ( high blood pressure ) urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( urinary tract infection ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), discomfort in the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ), trouble sleeping ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure ( hypertension ), cough , low blood pressure , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , headache , dizziness , cough , stomach pain , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), discomfort in the stomach or intestine , discomfort in the upper abdomen , discomfort in the upper abdomen , discomfort in the upper abdomen or discomfort . low blood pressure . bone pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( itching ), chest pain or pain , discomfort or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach area ( abdominal pain ), blood in the urine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . cough , high blood pressure ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( itching ) - chest pain or pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flu - like symptoms - blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - itching chest pain - pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdomen ) - stomach pain - reduction in blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or discomfort ( usually in the stomach ) - stomach ache - low blood pressure - flu - like symptoms - blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . cough , high blood pressure , inflammation of the liver ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( itching ) - chest pain or pain or discomfort - inflammation of the pancreas - stomach pain - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flu - like symptoms - blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - fever common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - upper respiratory tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) - painful and frequent urination ( urinary tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . cough , high blood pressure ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - itching - chest pain - pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdomen ) - stomach ache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flu - like symptoms - high blood pressure -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , rash , swelling ( fatigue ), shortness of breath , back pain , constipation , decreased appetite , fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , abnormal speech , muscle stiffness , muscle twitching , back pain , back pain , dry mouth , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal sensation in the skin , dizziness , blurred vision , increased blood pressure , bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , seizures , abnormal speech , muscle stiffness , muscle twitching , back pain , back pain , dry mouth , tingling , numbness , tingling , abnormal sensation in the skin , dizziness , blurred vision , increased blood pressure , bruising , nasal congestion reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking palforzia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of flushing , rash , itching , difficulty breathing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , fainting , dizziness and fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , such as flushing , itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or wheezing , as these may be signs of fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain feeling sick or vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . - stomach pain , rash , hives , itching , rash , pain , pain in your stomach . - stomach pain , stomach pain , - loss of appetite , breathing difficulties , breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , hives , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . - stomach pain and rash . - hives . - hives . - rash . - pain or pain in your abdomen . - stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in your stomach . - fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , rash , hives , face_swelling , face_swelling , face_swelling , face_swelling , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . - stomach pain and rash . - hives . - hives . - rash . - pain or pain in your abdomen . - stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort in your stomach . - fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , rash , hives , face_swelling , face_swelling , face_swelling , itching , hives , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting , fainting , itching , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting . - stomach pain and rash . - hives . - hives . - rash . - pain and pain in your abdomen . - stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - loss of appetite , breathing difficulties , fainting , dizziness , fainting , flushing , itching , rash , hives , face_swelling , face_swelling , face_swelling , itching , hives , rash , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , difficulty breathing or breathing , fainting , dizziness , fainting or fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be severe and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not
