like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , diarrhoea , tiredness , fatigue . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anaemia , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue , increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells , diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , dark urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) bronchitis ( including white spots in the body ) diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea upset stomach or stomach upset stomach ( abdominal ) pain * liver problems that may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) liver problems such as eczema , eczema or 41 41 stomach pain , eczema , folliculitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( tonsillitis ), skin rash , folliculitis ( a type of skin cancer ), folliculitis ( a type of skin cancer ) such as itchy skin , itchy skin , skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ), sarcoidosis ( a type of skin cancer ) such as itchy skin , itchy and itchy skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) sarcoidosis ( a type of skin cancer ) itchy skin ( folliculitis ) not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) if you get any of the following side effects , stop taking wilzin and tell your doctor straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . stop taking wilzin and seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects may occur : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) side effects reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( affecting less than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - muscle weakness - weakness , hands , hands , feet or feet ( feet ) or feet , especially in the hands or feet , especially in the body ( palpitations ), tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach pain - diarrhoea - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - muscle weakness , joint aches and pains in the centre of the hands or feet . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( knee ), knee , shoulder or shoulder . if you experience any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or infection , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any symptoms of inflammation or infection , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often - muscle aches and joint aches - muscle aches and pains ( especially in the hip , knee or shoulder ) - loss of appetite . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the body ( interstitial lung disease ) which could be life threatening if they are life - threatening . if you have symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), muscle weakness , joint and pains in the hip or knee , and loss of appetite . if you experience any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ) ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given hypoglycaemia ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . symptoms can also be side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . stop taking pumarix and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your inflammation_of_the_central_nervous_system , as well as urticaria . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bruising at the injection site - bruising where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching where the injection is given - itching at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bruising or bruising at the injection site - unusual bleeding or bruising at the injection site - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - joint pain . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - excess of lactic acid in the blood ( lactic acidosis ) - excess of lactic acid in the blood ( encephalomyelitis ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - abnormality of the optic nerve ( encephalomyelitis ) - a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - inflammation of your blood vessels ( vasculitis ). - skin rashes , joint pain and muscle pain . - kidney problems including reduced urine volume , including urgent need to urinate . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or stinging , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swelling ( itching ) at the injection site . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop using somakit_toc and tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ema / 43
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or burning sensation in your hands or soles of feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). if you experience any of these signs , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . swelling and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your feet or hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - pain or swelling in the palms of your hands or soles of your feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). - loss of hair - swelling of the hands , hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands or soles of your feet , as these may indicate problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). - loss of hair - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eye ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - skin swelling ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - skin rash ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in swelling , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) - very fast heartbeat ( common ) - if you experience difficulty in breathing , or feeling faint or light headed , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure and breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , coughing or a high temperature - dizziness , headache , pain in the upper abdomen or throat , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - headache - headache - pain in the upper abdomen or throat - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet - back pain - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blurred vision - changes in the colour of your eyes ( this may be a sign of glaucoma ) - difficulty in passing urine ( urinary retention ) - glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ) - urinary tract infection - urinary retention ( frequency not known ) in patients with parkinson ' s disease ( frequency not known ) - dizziness - headache reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction that may include : hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction that may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , 36 , vomiting , nausea , skin rash ( which may be a sign of muscle damage ), muscle pain , muscle pain , tiredness or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in the urine , bruising and bruising at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , nose bleed , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pain at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in urine , blood in urine and / or / or urine tests ( e . g . bruising and / or fluid ) at the injection site ( injection site rotation ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , 36 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): infection at the injection site , skin rashes , blood in urine , blood in the urine , bruising or bruising at the injection site . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , nose bleed , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain , or bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint infection ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain , abnormal sensations in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain , stiffness in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , 36 tiredness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , tiredness , muscle pain , stiffness in the arms or
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following signs of a severe allergic reaction : - if you notice a rash , swelling of your face or lips , swelling of your face or lips , swelling of your face or lips , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , - blood clots in your veins , - an increase in blood pressure , - pain in your arms or legs , - blood in your urine or other signs may indicate blood clots in the veins of your legs ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction : if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate problems with your skin ( angioedema ) - kidney problems - an increase in an enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase * - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include : a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , - blood clots in your veins , - an increase in the number of your blood cells called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ) - numbness , tingling , swelling or swelling in the legs or arms , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of your lungs . - an increase in the levels of a liver enzyme called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include : a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , - blood clots in your veins , - an increase in the numbers of your blood cells called eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood . - numbness , tingling , or pain in your arms and legs , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of your skin or blood vessels that can affect your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction : - a rash , which may be accompanied by swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , blood in the urine . - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in a type of white blood cells called eosinophils ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood . - numbness , tingling and / or numbness in your arms and legs ( potential signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the skin ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include : a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in a substance called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ) - numbness , tingling and / or numbness in your arms and legs - a change in the colour of your skin , which may be a sign of an increase in the levels of a liver enzyme called eosinophils ( a type of fat in your blood ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include : a rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of pressure in the penis feeling of burning in and around the penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation at the injection site . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling discomfort or discomfort in your arms and legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling of pressure or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling of pressure or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling of pressure or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation of the throat and nose feeling or pain in your throat discomfort or discomfort in your arms and legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel sandoz '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes disorders such as rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena - difficulty in sleeping - headache - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - indigestion , abdominal pain or discomfort - abnormal results of blood tests to check for the presence of calcium in your blood - tingling or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - cold , rapid or irregular heartbeats - bleeding from the nose - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - increased appetite - increased liver enzymes seen in blood tests - decreased appetite - confusion , disorientation , depression , mood swings , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder , fits , mental impairment , tingling , numbness or tingling in the hands and feet , dizziness , impaired or hearing loss , loss of consciousness , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , - bleeding or ringing in your ears - blood clots in your veins , high or low blood pressure , bleeding in the chest or chest , - blood clots in the veins in the legs - high or low blood pressure , collection of fluid around the heart , collection of fluid around the heart , collection of fluid around the lung , cough , flu - like symptoms - stomach problems such as inflammation or ulcer , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of smell ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth , or if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have occurred with the following frequencies : very common ( these may occur with more than clinical_trials % of patients ): sudden sudden loss of consciousness ( allergic reaction ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , rash , headache , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat at the injection site , hives , local rash , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat at the injection site , hives , local rash , muscle stiffness and muscle pain . if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause hives , itchy skin , wheezing , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of an allergic reaction , such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or shortness of breath - headache - dizziness - nausea - fever - fatigue - shortness of breath - wheezing - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat at the injection site - hives - local rash - muscle and muscle pain - muscle pain - tenderness or pain at the site of injection . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; hives ; local rash ; - muscle pain ; - fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing ; - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients receiving this medicine , the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause hives , temporary loss of vision , or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fatigue , dizziness , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat at the injection site , hives , hardening of the skin at the injection site , hives , hardening of the skin at the injection site , hives , hardening of the skin at the injection site , hives , hardening of the skin at the injection site , hives , hardening of the skin at the injection site may occur . these side effects may occur when you start to get a side of reaction , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 7 people ) include : sudden loss of consciousness ( allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( hives ) local reactions at the injection site ( hives
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : signs of low blood platelet counts , such as fever , chills , difficult or painful breathing , cough or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . in addition to the above , when you have had hepatitis b in the past , you may experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you feel pale - headed or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - changes in the colour of your nails . - changes in the colour of your nails . - if you notice any of these signs , seek immediate medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice a skin rash or pain , swelling , or blistering of the skin - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers at the injection site , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - cough - breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe infection of the urinary tract , e . g . abnormal vision , double vision , double vision , vision problems , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which can cause pain , swelling in the upper right side of the stomach_area area of the stomach_area area of the body - joint pain or skin_rashes - an allergic reaction - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate problems with your body ( e . g . pain , swelling , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the body causing chest pain and chest pain . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - loss of consciousness that may be caused by a sudden change in your mental status or hearing loss of vision - vision problems - changes in vision such as blurred vision , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision - problems with your eyesight such as pain , swelling or bleeding in your back or joints , joint pain , and skin reactions . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevensjohnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than one % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , dry mouth , headache , difficulty in sleeping ( see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , joint pain , painful joints or joints , numbness or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs . these could be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes numbness or tingling of the hands , feet or fingers ( peripheral oedema ), have been reported in patients treated with rasagiline_mylan . the following side effects have been reported with rasagiline_mylan : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people constipation , dry mouth , headache . abnormal dreams . if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical advice immediately . symptoms of headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint disorder , painful joints , numbness or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs . during post - marketing experience the following side effects have been observed with rasagiline_mylan : common : abnormal dreams , confusion , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), muscle spasms , joint or muscle pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had the following symptoms during clinical trials , including : abnormal dreams , constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), muscle cramps , joint or muscle pain , pain in the limbs or joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with rasagiline_mylan : common : abnormal dreams , constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , joint inflammation ( oedema ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had a small reduction in red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or muscle weakness . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects in children and adolescents of 24 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular heartbeat , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle spasm , joint or muscle pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking this medicine during clinical trials : decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking post-marketing alone : abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in limbs ( arms or legs ), numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ). some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking this medicine during clinical trials : increased liver enzymes in the blood ( which can cause constipation , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , joint pain , ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in limbs or joints , numbness or tingling sensation of hands and feet . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . increased weight , increased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , constipation , decreased appetite , headache , runny nose , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require mild_to_moderate . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , sinus infections , urinary tract infections , pneumonia ) headache , abdominal ( belly ) pain , nausea and vomiting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea and vomiting . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , sinus infections , urinary tract infections , pneumonia ) headache , abdominal ( belly ) pain , nausea and vomiting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea and vomiting . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , sinus infections , urinary tract infections , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; abnormal liver function tests ; kidney problems ; scarring of the lung ; scarring of the liver ; inflammation of the liver ; hepatitis ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; inflammation of the pancreas ; inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ; autoimmune hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ); cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels in the skin ); stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and trouble breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . have also been reported with adalimumab . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); headache ; abdominal ( belly ) pain ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; hair loss ; eczema ; increased sweating ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; abnormal liver function tests ; increased liver enzymes in the blood ; abnormal liver function tests ; scarring of the liver ; inflammation of the liver ; inflammation of the liver ; hepatitis ; inflammation of the liver ; hepatitis ; sudden decrease in blood pressure ; itching of the skin ; inflammation_of_the_liver ; itching ; trouble breathing , swallowing ; dizziness ; rapid or irregular heart beats ; inflammation of the pancreas ; a sore throat , eczema ; increased sweating ; night sweats ; blood tests showing changes in the way the liver is working ; increased blood fat levels ; scarring of the pancreas ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back ; symptoms of which may include : itching , trouble breathing or swallowing ; dizziness ; light - headedness ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet . adalimumab tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - symptoms of rash , chest pain , breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness and coma . the following side effects have been observed with dzuveo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , flatulence , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches or spasms , muscle stiffness or spasms , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , sugar in the urine , sugar in the urine , sugar in the urine , sugar in the urine , sugar in the urine , sugar , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , and / or / or calcium in the blood , flatulence , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , bloating , belching , flatulence , constipation , constipation , itching , rash , muscle aches or spasms , muscle stiffness or spasms , dark urine or yellowing of the skin or eyes . these may be signs of a low level of sugar in the blood , such as sugar , sodium , potassium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium , calcium ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop using erleada and tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or heart problems which could be signs of heart problems and heart attack . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as fever , tired or chest pain , discomfort , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . in some cases ( these may be severe and may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired feeling tired or tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high level of cholesterol in the blood ( symptoms of liver problems ) skin rash blood tests may show decreased appetite weight loss 43 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high level of cholesterol in the blood 43 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - abnormal heart rhythm - feeling jittery - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - upset stomach - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itching - pain in the joints - hair loss - redness of the skin - rash - feeling generally unwell - muscle cramp - pain in limbs - feeling weak - weight loss - swelling , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or swelling in the arms and legs - back pain - frequent urination - weight loss - nervousness - tremor - feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in heart rate - cardiac arrest - tremor - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - feeling jittery . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : - feeling depressed or having heart problems - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - stuffy nose - upset stomach - inflammation of the sinuses - redness of the skin - itching of the skin - itching - feeling unwell - muscle pain - pain in limbs - pain in limbs - feeling unwell - swelling - feeling unwell - swelling - pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , such as pain , feeling unwell , swelling or pain_in_extremity - back pain - flu - like symptoms , weight loss , weight loss , nervousness , tremor - feeling jittery . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling and / or swelling at the injection site , back pain , feeling cold , swelling , pain in extremity , back pain , feeling cold , swelling or pain in the extremities , back pain , feeling cold , swelling or pain in the extremities , back pain , feeling cold , swelling or pain in the extremities , back pain , feeling cold , swelling , pain in extremity , back pain , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - visual changes , seeing flashes of light , tremor , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs . - feeling dizzy or having heart problems such as heart attack , fast heart beat - high blood pressure , upset stomach , upset stomach , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), - hair loss , rash , feeling unwell , muscle cramps , pain in extremity , pain in the limbs , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , swelling , feeling unwell , swelling , pain_in_extremity - back pain , - flu - like symptoms , weight loss , - nervousness , tremor , feeling jittery . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your behaviour . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - changes in vision such as seeing things that are not there ( tremor ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - feeling jittery if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness - increased heart rate - high blood pressure - upset stomach , upset stomach , taste disturbance - inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 100 people . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . this can be treated with low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , changes in vision , unusual eye movement , feeling confused , headache , change in vision , change in vision such as blurred vision . other side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irritation or ulcers in the mouth , irritation or itching of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . increased number of white blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , loss of appetite , pain , chest discomfort , feeling of tiredness , weakness , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given , low blood pressure , weight loss , fatigue , weakness , pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given , low blood pressure , weight loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , upset stomach , cough , nasal congestion , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , diarrhoea , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss , rash , dry skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , which may cause fatigue and chills ) a reaction at the injection site , such as shivering , pain , chest discomfort , general feeling of being unwell , depression , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness , eye swelling , pricking , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , anxiety , blurred vision , dizziness , drowsiness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by mvasi are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of mvasi . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing or chest pain - a severe allergic reaction - the signs may include : difficulty in breathing or chest pain - a general feeling of being unwell - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak or sickness , vomiting , loss of appetite or tiredness . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ( cells that help the blood to clot ) - the signs may include feeling sick , energy , headaches , headaches , feeling weak , sickness , vomiting , - loss of appetite , and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ( cells that help the blood to clot ) - reduced number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or energy - headaches - nausea , vomiting , yellowing of the skin or the whites of your stomach ( jaundice ) - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes - muscle spasm - difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath - low blood pressure which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins of the veins in the lung ) - a blood clot in the veins of the lung - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - chest pain or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( gut ) pain - inflammation of the stomach and intestine - excessive sweating - abnormal blood tests which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - chest pain or shortness of breath - low blood pressure which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath - low blood pressure which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath - low blood pressure which may cause chest pain and shortness of breath - high blood pressure which may make you feel faint upon standing ) - chest pain - blood clots in the veins of the legs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - chest pain or difficulty in breathing if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when bevacizumab is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( gut ) pain - inflammation of the stomach or intestine - inflammation of the lining of the gut ( gastroenteritis ) - excessive sweating - muscle spasms - chest pain - shortness of breath - low blood pressure which can cause chest pain and shortness of breath - low blood pressure which can cause chest pain and shortness of breath - low blood pressure which can cause chest pain and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the veins in the lung ) - a blood clot in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - chest pain or difficulty breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . other side effects may include : - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( symptoms may include cough , shortness of breath or difficulty breathing , or chest tightness which may be a sign of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome which may lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure which could make you feel faint or light - like symptoms , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( hepatic failure ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - low number of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause breathlessness or anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( anaphylactic reaction ) symptoms include : - fever - chills - rapid breathing - infections , which may be symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( symptoms include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins , especially in the skull or skull , as these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low number of white blood cells - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms and symptoms of a serious infection such as fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , which may be symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( symptoms include fever , chills or rapid breathing ). if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea - vomiting - decreased appetite - low number of white blood cells - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection - decreased number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause breathlessness - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms and symptoms of a serious infection such as fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections , which may be symptoms of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( symptoms include fever , chills , rapid breathing , or infections ) tell your doctor immediately if you develop a severe allergic reaction . your doctor may tell you to stop using tecartus . - skin rash - this may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - symptoms of a serious infection including life - threatening medical condition , such as joint swelling , breathlessness , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , grinding of urine , and loss of vision . these symptoms can be symptoms of a condition called a condition called cytokine release syndrome which may be life - threatening . - skin rash and may be life - threatening . - kidney problems such as painful urination , shortness of breath or rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and / or back , shortness of breath , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which may be associated with a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be due to blood clots in the veins of the legs , especially in the skull ( skull ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - nausea -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking januvia and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - hives , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have experienced stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , 64 , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in dialysis people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , 64 , flatulence , constipation , dry mouth , rash , itching ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to itching in 1 , 000 people ) rash , itching rare ( may affect up to 1 in dialysis people ) - kidney problems including : joint pain , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , difficulty in breathing , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had the following side effects while taking metformin and a metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) joint pain , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , neck pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking metformin and a metformin : common : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . 64 . some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) some patients have experienced a serious allergic reaction including hives , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin and metformin : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , dry mouth , rash , itching ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to itching in 1 , 000 people ): rash , itching rare ( may affect up to itching in 1 , 000 people ) rash , itching of the skin ( rash ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - a serious allergic reaction known as hives , itching , skin rash , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . joint and joint pain . muscle pain . back pain . muscle pain . back pain . back pain . back pain .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your diabetes . the signs of low blood sugar may include : hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with xultophy treatment ( may affect more than serious_hypoglycaemia in 10 people ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens you must stop taking an_injection_of_glucagon and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or if you develop a rash , fever or blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause peeling of the skin and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) and stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a rash , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( which can cause rash or redness ) the side effects listed below have occurred with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness upper respiratory tract infection ( including cough , abdominal pain and nausea ) increased liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) redness , rash , pain and increased levels of enzymes produced by the liver ( shown by blood tests ) redness , rash , pain and increased levels of enzymes produced by the liver changes in how your liver is working decreased . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy nose ) ear pain , ear pain ear infection ear infection ear infection ear problems ear problems ear problems rash , redness , pain and / or pain in the joints increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) rash , redness , pain and / or pain in the joints due to nerve damage ( neuropathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding , bruising , bleeding or other signs may be caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): feeling dizzy or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , loss of appetite 78 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity reactions ( itchy rash and hives ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . allergic reactions have been reported . allergic reactions such as difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , sore throat , fast heart beat , dizziness or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea or neutropenia . low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these could be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : rash , itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be fever , sweating , shivering , feeling sick , vomiting and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering , shivering . rash , shivering . rash , shivering . rash , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . rash , shivering . rash . feeling sick , vomiting . these symptoms can be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . rash . shivering . rash . feeling shivering . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . feeling sick . vomiting . these symptoms are usually mild and short - lasting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . rash . feeling shivering . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . feeling sick . vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . feeling sick . vomiting . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and itching . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , swelling , redness , itching , rash , shivering , shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering . shivering .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your testicles , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness , pain , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and pain have been reported . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or irritation ) at the injection site . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness and irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 - irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation . - reactions at the injection site . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness or irritation ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pain at the site of injection . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , vomiting , nausea ( feeling sick ), 37 - irritation , pain , redness , swelling or irritation . - reactions at the injection site . - if you notice pain , redness , swelling or irritation . this will usually pass on its own but if it is not , tell your doctor . - a sweet ' s syndrome ( plum - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by ohss ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of low calcium values : irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ; secondary to blood clots in the blood vessels of the blood vessels of the skin ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blood clots in small blood vessels (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - allergic skin reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause itchy and tar - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the lips , eyes or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression , or depression . - serious allergic skin reactions ( including life - threatening allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a rash , fever , chills , swelling of the face or lips , lips , tongue or eyes , agitation , confusion , depression or depression . - serious infections , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic skin reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic skin reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic skin reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , agitation , confusion , depression . - serious allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given and itching where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth and pain where the injection is given . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , warmth and pain where the injection is given warmth . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of bondronat . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given bondronat ). if you experience any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported with bondronat . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - pain in arms or legs - feeling dizzy feeling drowsy or tired - sore throat - blood in your stool - pain in your arms or legs - swelling in your legs - arms or legs - swelling in your hands or feet - swelling of your hands , feet or ankles tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - pain in arms or legs - feeling dizzy feeling drowsy or tired - sore throat - blood in stool - hair loss or thinning of the skin - swelling of your hands , feet or ankles - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles change in the colour of your skin - swelling of your hands , feet or ankles in your hands or feet if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects straight away ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( shown in blood tests ) allergic reaction the signs may include : a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these signs , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( common cold ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction with a sudden allergic reaction . the signs may include breathlessness , blurred vision , drop in blood pressure , breathlessness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) immediate breathing difficulties if you have a fever , wheezing or other signs of infection of the lung or lung ( copd ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of a serious infection of the urinary tract : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat sore throat or throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) flu ( influenza ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . chest pain ) back pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop using zinforo and see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising at the injection site feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . how to use treatment if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people skin pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising at the site of the injection feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of liver enzymes ( called creatinine and creatinine ) in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . how well your liver is working . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea or stomach pain . pain , irritation , itching or bruising skin rash . feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor may find an increase in your liver enzymes . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zinforo . stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will advise you how to treat any changes in your liver . if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and your blood pressure may get worse . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people pain at the site of injection feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of enzymes produced in the liver . an increase in the levels of creatinine in the blood . other possible side effects the following other side effects have been reported with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin rash feeling sick feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain , irritation , irritation or bruising skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain in the abdomen ( tummy ) increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the liver . this can be seen in your blood tests . your doctor may identify changes in your blood tests . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice stomach pain , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach pain . diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of enzymes produced in the liver . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . how to use treatment . stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea or stomach pain . pain , irritation , itching or bruising skin rash feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of enzymes produced in the liver . an increase in the amount of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : stomach pain being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of enzymes produced in the liver . an increase in the levels of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : stomach pain , being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach pain . pain , irritation , itching or bruising skin rash . feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . an increase in the amount of enzymes produced in the liver . an increase in the levels of creatinine in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . how to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reactions : pain_in_limb may cause swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , collapse very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain or cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle pain and pain . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported by some patients taking xadago : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): pneumonia , heart attack , irregular heartbeat and rapid heartbeat . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of a widespread severe diarrhoea , headache , confusion , fear with restlessness , feeling sleepy , temporary loss of consciousness , fainting , high blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing up ( e . g . high or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), bruising , blood in the urine ( sign of kidney problems ). other possible side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes be severe have been reported with zytiga . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes be severe have been reported with zytiga . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in patients taking zytiga . if you have palpitations , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , prolongation of the qt interval of the heart ), arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , slow heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia and palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , prolongation of the qt interval of the heart ), arrhythmia , palpitations , slow heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( prolongation of the qt interval ) which may lead to arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart beat , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) and ecg ( qt prolongation ) in patients with arrhythmia , palpitations , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following muscle problems : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to blood_poisoning in wall_of_a_major_artery people ) such as shingles , inflammations , bleeding or other disorders of the pancreas , tremor , neuropathy , abnormal muscle sensations , stroke , difficulty in speaking , stroke , difficulty speaking or understanding others , stroke , difficulty speaking or understanding others , stroke , difficulty speaking or understanding others , stroke , difficulty speaking or understanding others , buzzing , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness , which may be signs of heart failure or heart attack . this is signs of inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), which could lead to shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing . inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lung , as well as difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy skin , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly occurring side effects of ritemvia are infusion - related reactions . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your skin ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your skin ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your skin ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your skin ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your skin ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed for a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed for a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your mouth ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : chills or other signs of an infection ( e . g . bronchitis ). if you experience any of these symptoms , get medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : chills or other signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . nausea : if you lose your appetite , and the amount of food you eat each day is much less than normal . stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , feeling weak , weak or dizzy . the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and will generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . if you notice any of the side effects above , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the doctor may decide to temporarily stop the treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction ), back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or in the arms and legs , rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical advice ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction ), back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or in the arms and legs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . thrombocytopenia , low platelet count , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), thrombocytopenia ( severe allergic reaction ), thrombocytopenia ( a severe allergic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction ), back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or a feeling of tiredness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to death or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as low blood pressure , tightness of the chest , chills , hives and allergic reactions . symptoms of low blood sugar may include dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding at the injection site . if you do get symptoms of low blood pressure , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( up to 1 in 10 people ): however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ( 150 ) may occur ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bruising , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , - chills , - chills , - severe dizziness , - severe dizziness , - confusion , - seizures , - vomiting , - abdominal pain or difficulty in swallowing , - severe headache , - headache , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the known side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - upset stomach . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of white blood cells and blood platelets - reduction in the number of white blood cells and blood platelets - reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting - reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - low number of all blood cells - allergic reaction ( rash , itching , hives ) - urticaria ( swelling of the face ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infections of the blood ( sepsis ) - reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting - reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting - allergic reaction ( symptoms may include rash , face_swelling , hives , urticaria ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or mouth - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin and / or mucous membranes , which may be accompanied by a high temperature - rash , itching , hives , urticaria ( swelling of the face , lips or tongue ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - severe rash with peeling skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , hives ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache - diarrhoea - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - chest pain - redness of the skin - feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea - 75 - stomach ache - indigestion - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - eye pain - difficulty in breathing - blood clots in the veins - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - nose bleeds - ringing in the ears - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet feeling tired or tired very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures - passing memory loss or swelling of the face - sudden difficulty in breathing - hives - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( feeling sick ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting - seizures - passing loss of vision - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - hives ( itchy rash ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy rash ( hives ) - swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( feeling sick ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - difficulties in swallowing ; hives ; - itchy skin ; - hives ; - red skin ; - hives ; - red skin ; - hives ; - itchy skin ; - fainting ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - fainting ; - loss of consciousness ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - seizures ; - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often ; - pain in your arms or legs ; - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ; feeling tired . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - seizures ; - passing more urine than normal or feeling more of the urge to pass urine ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - difficulties in swallowing ; hives ; - itchy skin ; - hives ; - red skin ; - hives ; - red skin ; - hives ; - itchy skin ; - fainting ; - swelling of the face , hands , feet ; - fainting ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - loss of consciousness ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - seizures ; - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often ; - swelling of your face and / or throat . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - seizures ; - passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ; hives ; - itchy rash ; - hives ; - red skin ; - hives ; - itchy skin ; - fainting ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - fainting ; - fainting ; - seizures ; - seizures ; - loss of consciousness ; - swelling of your face and / or throat . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - seizures ; - passing more urine than normal or feeling more of an urge to pass urine ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of swelling , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating and anaphylactic reactions . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - stomach ache - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - excessive sweating - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) 31 - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - abnormal liver function tests - rash - itchy rash - rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting_constipation - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - excessive sweating - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the abdomen - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - excessive sweating - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting_constipation - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the abdomen - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting_constipation - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loose stools - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the abdomen - feeling sick ( nausea ) - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired or fatigue - headache - symptoms of a low blood pressure ( dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ) - stomach pain - pain in the upper right side of the gut - back pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding ( such as haematoma ) - increased blood levels of liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like illness - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the stomach and intestine - nose bleeds - difficulties in swallowing - itching - raised or itchy rash - pain - fever - shivering - blurred vision - kidney problems - joint pain - pain in limbs - back pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding ( such as haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area - stomach pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding ( such as haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - gut pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - tiredness - fatigue - bruising or bleeding ( such as haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - gut pain - stomach pain - tiredness ( fatigue ) - bruising and bleeding ( haematoma ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the stomach ( gastritis ) - gut pain ( diverticulitis ) - bleeding ( including bleeding in the stomach or intestine ) - diverticulitis ( bleeding or bleeding in the gut ) - haematoma ( bleeding in the stomach or bowels ) - runny nose - hair loss ( epistaxis ) - inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - bleeding ( including bleeding in the stomach or intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( diverticulitis ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the intestine ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( diverticulitis ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , burning sensation , stinging on the mouth , and / or other parts of the iris ( the clear layer of the eye ), runny or blocked nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , joint pain , muscle twitching , difficulty in passing urine , difficulty in passing urine or urine , itching , generalised rash , dry skin , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , life - threatening allergic reaction , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins of the legs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , swelling of the eyelid , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , itching of the skin , increased sweating , redness of the skin , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid , irritation of the eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects : allergy , life - threatening allergic reaction , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins in the legs , fluid in the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , redness of the skin , blurred vision , change in vision , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , redness of the skin , blurred vision , change in vision including loss of vision , yellowing of the skin and eyes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) effects : allergy , life - threatening allergic reaction , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the veins in the legs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fainting , stroke , visual disturbances , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , redness of the skin , blurred vision , change in vision , thirst , thirst , ringing in the ears , redness of the eye , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , increased tears , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood bilirubin levels , skin rash , inflammation of the small vessels of the skin , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the skin to sunlight , increased sensitivity of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your some_blood_tests . the most common side effects ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 100 ) reported with nplate is dehydration . common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and nasal congestion ( rhinorrhoea ) stomach pain ( rhinorrhoea ), stomach pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , indigestion , abdominal pain , flatulence ( flatulence ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , bone pain or discomfort , back pain , bone pain or discomfort in the arms or legs ( may be signs of bone damage in the jaw , chest pain or chest pain ), increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest swelling , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ), feeling dizzy ( malaise ), difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), malaise , visual disturbances , muscle pain , abnormal hair growth . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face , lips or tongue ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), feeling dizzy ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle pain , abnormal hair texture , pain in the arms or legs ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscular pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , urinary tract infection , high blood sugar levels . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest pain , swelling of the face , lips or tongue ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), feeling dizzy ( malaise ), visual disturbances , muscle pain , abnormal hair texture , pain in the arms or legs ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , chest pain , nasal congestion ( malaise ), blood in the urine , low blood levels of uric acid in the blood ( seen in tests ) and blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) and blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of red blood cells ( seen in tests ) allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itchy , chest swelling ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) feeling dizzy ( malaise ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) feeling dizzy ( malaise ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) chest pain high blood pressure ( hypertension ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness or fainting these may be signs of a blood clot in your blood ( copd ). in very rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) in very rare cases ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some blood cells ( copd ) side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine ( copd ) - cough - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - throat irritation - tiredness - asthma - throat irritation - tiredness - confusion - decreased level of consciousness - dry mouth - muscle_stiffness - fever - asthma - shortness of breath - cough - throat pain - cough - throat irritation - dry mouth - tiredness - your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - sleepiness ( sleepiness ) - being short of breath - nausea - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - vomiting - stomach pain - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle cramp - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness , chills , shivering , - shivering or signs of low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) - abdominal pain - weakness , fatigue , shivering or bleeding ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness , chills , shivering , - trouble_sleeping ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - loss of hair - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness , chills , shivering , - loss of appetite ( insomnia ), - loss of appetite , - weight loss , - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a serious infection called bacteria ( anaemia ), - decreased appetite , weight loss , sleepiness , headache , drowsiness , weakness , dizziness or asthenia ( asthenia ). - low blood pressure ( sepsis ) - pneumonia - shortness of breath - chest pain - nasal congestion - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss - loss of hair - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness , chills , shivering , - loss of appetite ( insomnia ), - weight loss , - abdominal pain , - weakness , fatigue , bruising or bleeding ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( thrombocytopenia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( bacteria or anaemia ) - decreased appetite - weight loss - sleepiness - headache - drowsiness , weakness , dizziness ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - sepsis ( pneumonia ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - upper respiratory tract infection - sore throat - runny nose - vomiting - diarrhoea - indigestion - abdominal pain - constipation - hair loss ( urticaria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain or pain in the stomach or abdomen , passing gas , acid reflux , difficulty sleeping , headache , dizziness 34 palpitations ( palpitations ), joint pain , palpitations ( dizziness ), dizziness , palpitations ( palpitations ), joint pain , palpitations , dizziness , 34 palpitations ( fits ), joint pain , palpitations ( fits ), dizziness , inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), joint pain , joint pain , 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain or discomfort in the stomach or abdomen , decreased number of platelets in your blood , decreased appetite , headache , dizziness , palpitations ( palpitations ), joint pain , palpitations ( dizziness ), dizziness , palpitations ( palpitations ), joint pain , palpitations ( fits ), dizziness , inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), joint pain , joint pain , 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain or discomfort in the stomach or abdomen , decreased number of platelets in your blood , decreased appetite , headache , dizziness , palpitations ( palpitations ), joint pain and palpitations ( dizziness ), dizziness , palpitations ( fits ), joint pain , palpitations ( fits ), dizziness , inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), joint pain , joint pain , 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain and stomach cramps . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , chills , weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse . if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been seen in adults ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( for example , fatigue , weakness , chills and pain in the joints or muscles ). muscle cramps . some patients have had the following additional side effects while taking this medicine in combination with other anticancer treatments : gastrointestinal disorders such as nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . low white blood cell count ( anaemia ). headache . fatigue . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). headache . fatigue . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased levels of some liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . low white blood cell count ( anaemia ). headache . fatigue . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased levels of some liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone , joint and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days ). gastrointestinal reactions such as nausea and vomiting as well as loss of appetite . low white blood cell count ( anaemia ). headache . fatigue . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): increased levels of some liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache and a flu - like syndrome consisting of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills and bone and / or muscle ache . in most cases no specific treatment is required and the symptoms disappear after a short time ( couple of hours or days
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of a low blood platelet count ( platelets , which may be associated with a high temperature or muscle weakness - muscle weakness - an allergic reaction - weakness , stomach ache , nausea , heartburn , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain - nausea ( nausea ) - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - nausea , pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low levels of all blood cells , platelets , a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) which can cause muscle weakness , feeling tired , sensation of restlessness , fear with restlessness , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , visual disturbances , visual impairment , immediately , - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , stomach pain , - nausea , pain , tenderness or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low levels of all blood cells , platelets , which may cause muscle weakness and difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), sensation of fear that are not really there ( blurry_vision ), restlessness , feeling sluggish , ringing in the ears , visual disturbances , visual impairment , immediately , - ringing in the ears , - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , stomach pain , nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - passing wind , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - pain or back pain , feeling tired , weakness , lack of energy , decreased appetite , restlessness , sensation of tingling and / or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low number of all blood cells , platelets , which may cause muscle weakness , and difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), sensation of fear that are not really there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - restlessness , feeling sleepy , - ringing in the ears , - fits , - fits , - dry mouth , - heartburn , stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach discomfort , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach discomfort , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - passing wind , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - pain or back pain , feeling tired , weakness , lack of energy , decreased appetite , restlessness , sensation of tingling and / or weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low number of all blood cells , platelets in the blood , which may cause muscle weakness , and difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), sensation of fear that are not really there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - restlessness , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , - fits , - fits , - ringing in the ears , - visual impairment , - ringing in the ears , - ringing in the ears , - dry mouth , heartburn , stomach discomfort , - nausea , - stomach discomfort , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach discomfort , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach discomfort , - stomach pain , - nausea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - nausea , - passing wind
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - candidiasis ( which may be a symptom of a urinary tract infection ) - thrush ( thrush ) - pain in your arms and / or legs ( urinary tract infection ) - headache - fast heart beat - cough - sinus problems - cough - voice problems - hoarseness - diarrhoea - abdominal ( nausea ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - muscle spasm - muscle spasm uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - itching - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties - pain in your arms or legs - muscle pain ( dysuria ) - pain in your arms or legs - muscle spasms uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - itching - hives - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - coughing , wheezing or breathing problems - pain in your tongue or throat - coughing - wheezing - breathing difficulties or pain - changes in heart rhythm ( dysuria ) - pain in your arms or legs - blood in the urine ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in in bowel people ) dizziness , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , diarrhoea , stomach ache , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), headache , in the bowel , dizziness , sleepiness , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired ( flatulence ), feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat changes in your blood tests . common : may affect up to in 10 people anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , sleepiness , cough , stomach ache , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , loss of appetite ( anorexia ), feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , pain in your arms or legs , feeling tired , bone pain , muscle spasms , bone or muscle pain , inability to get or maintain an erection weight loss , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , high blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , pain in the pelvis ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellow skin and eyes , dark coloured urine ; pancreatitis ; yellow skin and eyes ; dark urine , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes ; dark urine , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes ; dark urine , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , pancreatitis ; yellow skin or eyes ; dark urine , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , pancreatitis ; yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy or sleepy on standing up ( sleepy or feeling things that are not there ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) sensitivity to light , change in muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet blurred vision , vertigo , feeling dizzy , sleepy or feeling sleepy or sleepy , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling sleepy uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling sleepy or weak dry mouth ringing in the ears , sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet blurred vision , sensitivity to light , change in muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling vertigo , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating muscle cramps , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling sleepy or numbness dry mouth , dry mouth , increased saliva production , swollen legs , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat changes in the colour of the muscle , tingling , and / or tingling sensation in the hands and feet ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling sleepy or numbness dry mouth , dry mouth , increased sweating , change in the colour of the nails , change in the colour of the eye , tingling and / or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , tingling and / or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling sleepy or weak dry mouth ringing in the ears , dry mouth , strange taste in the mouth feeling bloated , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling vertigo , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , tingling and / or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling sleepy or weak dry mouth ringing in the ears , sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet feeling agitated , loss of taste , problems with balance , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), feeling dizzy or sleepy , ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling of spinning , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , increased sweating , increased sweating , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth 37 disturbance in attention , vertigo , abnormal muscle movements , dry mouth 37 abnormal dreams , ringing in the ears , dry mouth 37 increased saliva production , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , dry mouth 37 increased saliva production , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sensation of sensation , feeling anxious , feeling anxious , ringing in the ears , sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle sensations , such as tingling or numbness in hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 feeling restless , abnormal muscle sensations such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 feeling anxious , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 feeling anxious , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 low blood pressure , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 feeling of spinning , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating 37 abnormal liver function tests
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , muscle pain or pain , itching , redness , peeling skin or blistering of the skin - severe rash or rash . - skin rash or fever have also been reported . as with other frequency factors is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - kidney problems : if you experience muscle pain , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand . - if you experience any of these symptoms , stop using zelboraf and tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience kidney injury ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , hand and / or hand ) - if you have kidney problems ( see section frequency " warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - pain - loss of appetite - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( fever ) - pain - chest pain - redness and peeling of the skin - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn - skin rash - itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle aches , - abnormal liver function tests - rash , peeling skin - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , peeling , rash ) - muscle pain , muscle weakness - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash , peeling ) - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - fever - chills - sunburn - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills , sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - fever , chills and sunburn . - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , skin_peeling , sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , and fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , and fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills and sunburn ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , and fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , skin rash , fever ) and severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) have been reported . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - kidney problems ( frequency not known ) other possible side effects of zelboraf include the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea ( flatulence ) - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - pain , loss of sensation , redness , itching - rash , muscle pain , muscle pain , - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash or peeling ) - skin reactions - allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , chills or sunburn ) - severe allergic reactions (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes or itching - the skin signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications and symptoms of blood clots in the veins ( legs ). this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes or itching - the skin signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications and symptoms of blood clots in the veins ( legs ). this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes or itching - the skin signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications and symptoms of blood clots in the veins ( legs ). this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms and legs , feeling cold , generally feeling unwell . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms and legs , feeling cold , generally feeling unwell . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , rapid heart rate , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach pain , indigestion , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms and legs , feeling cold , generally feeling unwell weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , increased blood pressure , asthma , nose bleed , cough , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , pain in the arms or legs , pain , itching , generalised itching back pain , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling of menstrual discomfort , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , reflux of stomach discomfort , upset stomach , pain , itching , generalised itching back pain , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , feeling of menstrual discomfort , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , reflux of stomach discomfort , upset stomach , pain , itching , generalised itching back pain , joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling of menstrual discomfort , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , indigestion , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , reflux of stomach discomfort , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease , fungal infection of the mouth , pain , itching , dry skin , back pain , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be signs of bone damage in the jaw , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , feeling less hungry or weight loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) palpitations , irregular heart beat , high blood pressure , asthma , nasal congestion , cough , throat irritation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), as these may indicate problems of blood tests to check for liver function ( see also section regular_blood_tests ' warnings and precautions ", inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor right away if you get any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), as these may indicate problems of blood tests to check for liver function ( see also section regular_blood_tests ' warnings and precautions ", inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( jaundice ) which may cause yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes ( jaundice ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sleepiness , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting and diarrhoea . increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood . tiredness , numbness , pain , headache , dizziness . feeling sick , sick , vomiting and diarrhoea . the severity of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). infections of the lung ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling sick ( nausea ). see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in riluzole_zentiva v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling and itching ) may occur . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) low blood pressure , which may make you feel dizziness , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) 18 sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) 18 need to urinate if you experience any of these side effects . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea ( loss of appetite ), constipation , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , rash , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen hands , ankles or feet common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching ( itching ) 50 flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching , itching ( pruritus ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , nasal congestion , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , rash , itching ( itching ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen hands , ankles or feet common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching ( itching ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , upset stomach , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): heartburn , increased sweating , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , upper abdominal pain , upset stomach , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , itching , dry skin , rash , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ) 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , abdominal pain , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , increased hair loss , thinning , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , dry skin , itching - joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , weight loss , - cough , flu - like symptoms - abdominal pain , inflammation of the sinuses , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin - itching , dry skin , itching - itching 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms , - abdominal pain , - upper nose , - heartburn , - diarrhoea , - excessive sweating , - itching , dry skin - rash , dry skin - itching , - itching - 50 - flu - like illness , joint pain , - difficulty sleeping , cough , flu - like symptoms - abdominal pain , swollen hands , ankles or feet common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - heartburn , - unusual hair loss or thinning , itching , dry skin - rash , itching , dry skin - joint pain , joint pain , 50 - flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , - weight loss , - cough , flu - like symptoms - abdominal pain , inflammation of the sinuses , heartburn , diarrhoea , excessive gas in stomach or intestine , itching , dry skin
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , skin reactions , fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea . serious skin reactions , including fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea . serious skin reactions ( including symptoms such as a_fever ), vomiting , diarrhoea , joint pain , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or tenderness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin , groin or armpits , damage to damage to the body ( damage to the body ' s immune system ). tell your doctor right away if you experience any of the following : - swelling , tingling , numbness or numbness of your groin - feeling tired or tired - signs of low blood pressure ( anaemia ), - tiredness , sore throat or mouth ulcers , - shingles , - vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle aches , muscle weakness , feeling weak , tired or weak or loss of consciousness ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ). - thrombocytopenia) may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( common ), or shingles ( signs may indicate shingles ) - yellowing of the body or the whites of your body , - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), - inflammation of the pancreas ( agranulocytosis ), - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ). - agranulocytosis ( methotrexate can cause liver problems ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and white part of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) - acne ( itchy ) - abnormal muscles sensations on the muscles , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ( numbness or numbness ). this may indicate that you have feeling tired or tired , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position or low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). - fever , sore throat , nose bleed ( signs of a high level of white blood cells ) - shingles , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), - changes in the colour of the muscles ( such as numbness , tingling , numbness , numbness or numbness ). this may indicate that you have feeling tired or tired , which could be signs of a low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ). - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( common ). - shingles , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , nausea and vomiting , abdominal numbness or indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle aches , muscle weakness , feeling weak , tired or weak or weak ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , also known as thrombocytopenia ) - fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( common ), or shingles ( signs may indicate inflammation of the body called agranulocytosis ). - if you experience yellowing of the skin or the white part of your body , change in the colour of your urine ( agranulocytosis ), methotrexate can very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - indigestion , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - loss of appetite - tiredness - dizziness - headache - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( feeling dizzy or tired ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - tiredness - sore throat - nose bleed - shingles - skin infections ( including boils ) - vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , rash , hair loss , muscle aches , muscle aches , feeling sleepy , feeling weak or tired ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever - sore throat - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) - shingles - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the body - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the eyes ( agranulocytosis ) - changes in the colour of the body ( signs of liver problems ) - acne - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - changes in the colour of the muscles ( such as numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ) - changes in the colour of your muscles ( including numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever - sore throat - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) - shingles - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the body - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the white part of the eyes ( agranulocytosis ) - changes in the colour of the mouth ( signs of liver problems
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure ( see section hyperglycaemia ); high blood sugar levels ( hyperglycaemia ) with symptoms such as excessive thirst , hunger or other signs of allergic reaction , such as rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with enurev_breezhaler . if you notice any of these serious side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience : difficulty breathing , swallowing , coughing or a high temperature . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience : difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or other signs of serious allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth sore throat sneezing , sore throat or diarrhoea stomach pain diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty breathing or sneezing cough cough sore throat diarrhoea stomach pain 36 other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty breathing chest pain heart problems such as fast or fast heartbeat bleeding in the nose and throat stomach discomfort feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling sick in the stomach stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) 75 75 headache headache frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . stop using riximyo and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : infusion - related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction called an infusion - related reaction , which may be life - threatening . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " d " d . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " d " d . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash , itching , hives ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or low blood pressure ( signs of liver problems ) ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking topotecan_actavis and tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( which may be severe and life - threatening ) - cough - sore throat or vomiting - severe stomach pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness - tiredness - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach ache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - breathing_difficulties - breathing difficulties - cough - stomach ache - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation - constipation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache headache heartburn weight loss stomach pain feeling agitated feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell trembling or feeling confused decreased appetite nightmares uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsy , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen or in the stomach , stomach or intestine , weight gain , rash , itching ( pruritus ), loss of appetite , pain in your abdomen , stomach or intestine , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , coughing up of blood tests , swollen abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some enzymes in the blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium , phosphate ) liver enzymes , increased blood levels of magnesium , potassium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or weight gain , headaches . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the level of some enzymes in the blood ( e . g . magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate ) liver enzymes , increased blood levels of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include dizziness , drowsy or feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , dry mouth , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or the gullet , stomach or intestine . weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache coughing up of blood tests may show : excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , pain in the stomach or abdomen , stomach or intestine , increase in the number of certain white blood cells , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate or phosphate in the blood , increased liver enzymes , increased blood levels of magnesium , calcium , phosphate , phosphate , phosphate , and / or phosphate in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . this may cause skin rash , burning and stinging of the skin ( death of a severe allergic reaction which may include tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , difficulty sleeping , tingling sensation , stinging on the surface of the eye , - blurred vision , swelling of the eyelid , - blurred vision , - blurred vision , - high blood pressure , - dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - changes in the electrocardiogram ( nightmare ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - swelling of the eyelid - blurred vision - blurred vision - vision problems - low blood pressure - dizziness - asthma - stomach pain - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - changes in the electrocardiogram ( nightmare ) - difficulty sleeping , sensitivity to light , swelling of the eyelid - blurred vision - blurred vision - high blood pressure - dizziness - asthma - stomach pain - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - nightmare - difficulty sleeping , sensitivity to light , eye pain , eye irritation , eye irritation , light sensitivity , light sensitivity - low blood pressure , high blood pressure - dizziness , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling jittery . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - nightmare - difficulty sleeping , sensitivity to light , eye pain , eye irritation , eye irritation , light sensitivity , watery eyes , low blood pressure , - low blood pressure , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - indigestion , - inflammation of the fatty layer under the skin , - hair loss , - itching in the eye , other side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those described above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach_area ( very common ). - if you experience symptoms such as blood in your urine , pain when passing urine or pain in your right right side of the stomach area , severe vomiting , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , ulcers or ulcers in the stomach or bowel , as these may be signs of ulcers in the stomach or intestines , dehydration , being sick ( nausea ), nausea , feeling sick or diarrhoea , dry mouth , pain , redness , bruising or bleeding . - bleeding : - in the eyes or in the mouth , nose , mouth and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). the signs may include : pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , or bruising on the skin , lumps on the skin or the area around the mouth ( see section " warnings and precautions ") - swelling in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - dry mouth - inflammation of the pancreas ( cornea ) - a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as : hives , nettle rash , itchy or itchy skin , hives , nettle skin reactions ( such as swollen face , lips , tongue or throat ) - dehydration - flu - like symptoms - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - pain , redness , bruising , or bleeding at the site of the injection - hair loss ( alopecia ) - itchy skin ( itchy ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - dry skin - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - pain in the upper right side of the stomach area area of the stomach or the area between the stomach ( cornea ) - the following may affect up to the_signs in 100 people - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as : hives , nettle rash , itchy or itchy skin , hives , nettle skin rash and / or blisters on the skin . other side effects include : - vomiting , feeling sick , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , dry mouth , - pain , redness , bruising or bleeding , or bleeding in the area around the surface of the mouth , the upper stomach or the area between the mouth ( see section " warnings and precautions " - other side effects which are not mentioned above are : - pain , redness , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , or non-blanching_rash_on_the_skin on the skin or on the skin . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . - if you experience any of the above symptoms or symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above signs or symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above : - fever , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above signs or symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the above : - fever , tell your doctor straight away . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be life - threatening , which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions ") - swelling in the mouth or body , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or body , which may cause difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels in the skin ( bleeding in the blood vessels of the skin ) or bleeding in the brain ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or body , which may cause difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes such as shortness of breath , speaking on your tongue , tongue or lips . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness . symptoms of urinary tract infection such as diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning or pain at the infusion site , including burning sensation in the hands and lips , lips , tongue and / or hands , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , or numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain in your muscles or joints . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning and / or pain in the limbs , tongue or jaw . this could be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the body area ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness or burning sensation in your hands and feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of your body ). numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning and / or pain in the limbs , tongue or jaw . this could be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the body area ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness or burning sensation in your hands and feet . in the tongue , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning and / or pain in the hands and / or feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or tongue ). numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the hands and lips , headache , feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning and / or pain in the limbs , tongue or jaw . this could be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the side effects listed above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness or burning sensation in the hands and feet ( especially on the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ) numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the hands or lips if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , such as burning sensation , numbness , burning or burning sensation in the hands and / or feet ( especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ) numbness , burning , pain , headache , feeling tired , difficulty in falling asleep . blurred vision . pain or pain in your hands and / or feet . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , burning , numbness , burning and / or pain in the limbs , especially in the tongue , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause numbness , burning , pain and / or pain in the hands and lips , headache , feeling tired . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , sore throat or coughing or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , inability to sleep , loss of taste , hair loss , - itchy skin , skin reddening , - skin reddening , - difficulty in urinating or breathing ( signs of blood problems ) - blood clots in your veins , especially in the hands or anus ( symptoms include : - heart_failure - muscle heart_failure or shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing - feeling sick ( sick ) or flatulence - severe stomach pain - constipation , heartburn ( indigestion ). - flatulence ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). - severe stomach problems such as fever , chills or other signs of a high level of taste - feeling sick , weight loss or weight gain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - sick ( indigestion ) - indigestion - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - lethargy ( feeling sick ) - indigestion - flatulence ( wind ) - constipation - dry mouth - hair loss - rash - itchy skin - skin rash , dry skin - acne - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking some_hiv_medicines and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to excessive loss of vision . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the body ). symptoms may include kidney problems such as weakness and shoulder pain . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have had the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or if you notice any of the symptoms listed above : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have had the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , if you notice any symptoms of infection or inflammation , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have had the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs ; increases in the levels of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of consciousness ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of consciousness ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , skin rash , itching ; rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ); coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of consciousness ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - redness , itching , pain , swelling and redness at the injection site - discomfort or abdominal pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - pain in your muscles ( abdomen ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes ( see section 2 ) - rash , itching ( pruritus ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - itching - itching - pain , swelling , redness and / or blistering of the skin ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), - swelling of the face , lips , leg and / or jaw , spasms , spasms , spasms , or taste disturbances . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest , as well as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising or bleeding at the back of the chest , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , which could be life - threatening , - if you experience pain in the upper right side of the chest or chest , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - weakness , fever and flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills , weakness , bleeding , bruising or bleeding at the back of the chest , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop loss of consciousness , fever , chills or other signs of flu - like symptoms , as these can be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , itchy rash ( difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . symptoms may include : difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . symptoms may include : difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . symptoms may include : o difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of symptoms of low blood sugar , such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and crying . loss of consciousness can be severe and could lead to collapse . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . stop using bexsero and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms of low blood pressure , such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . if you have these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with vaccination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , injection site pain ) and headache . injection site reactions ( injection site pain ) and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( rash , redness of the skin ), fingers and needles in the fingers and toes . general reactions : feeling of warmth and generally feeling unwell . 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting , 23 23 for children not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash and blisters . tell your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . see also section 11 . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) at the injection site reactions ( hardness , redness ) at the injection site headache injection site headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , redness of the skin at the injection site headache feeling unwell and generally generally unwell 23 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): seizures , fainting or 23 23 2 . 2 . see section 2 " warnings and precautions 2 " for section 2 : warning signs of allergic reactions : swollen face , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash or blisters . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects in adolescents very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain ) 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , redness of the skin at the injection site , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including rash , swollen face , fingers and feet ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash or blisters . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects in adolescents very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain ) 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , redness of the skin at the injection site , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including rash , swollen face , fingers and feet ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and itchy rash and blisters . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . see also section 11 . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain ) 23 generally feeling unwell and fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( rash , redness of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of docetaxel_accord alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells , alopecia , nausea , vomiting , sores in the mouth , diarrhoea and tiredness . the severity of adverse events of docetaxel may be increased when docetaxel teva is given in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents . during the infusion at the hospital the following allergic reactions may occur . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , difficulty breathing , chills or flushing , as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills or flushing ( signs of low blood pressure ). - if you experience an allergic reaction , stop taking paclitaxel and tell your doctor straight away . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these effects . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms . between medicines of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; especially in the arms , face , face or body . change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; usually in the arms , face , face or body . change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - headache - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - constipation - abdominal pain - headache ( fatigue ) - headache - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach upset - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal discomfort - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - inflamed stomach ( gastritis ) - pain in stomach ( abdomen ) - pain in stomach ( abdomen ) - pain in stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) ( asthenia ) - feeling tired ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure - headache , feeling sleepy , insomnia , nervousness or tachycardia ( low blood pressure ) - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - changes in liver enzymes - rash and itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash ( pruritis ) - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - changes in liver enzymes - rash - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - nausea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood glucose - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - changes in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - changes in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - changes in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - vomiting - 29 - stomach pain - increase in liver enzymes - rash -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : rash , flushing , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of lips , tongue or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , and fainting . contact your doctor immediately if you experience severe and severe allergic reactions ( hives ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , such as blood in your urine , headache , dizziness or drowsiness ( fits ), as these could be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . some patients have had a serious allergic reaction to rekovelle . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , headache . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms may include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ), drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , swelling of the throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised swelling ( oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , swelling of the throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised swelling ( oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , swelling of the throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised swelling ( oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( hypertension ), swollen abdomen , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , and drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased blood pressure , swelling of the throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , generalised swelling ( oedema ), dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight gain , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , swelling of the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ), dizziness , dizziness , drowsiness . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , drowsiness , chest pain ( angina pectoris ), swelling of the throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , weight loss , drowsiness , dizziness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain 68 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) acute fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) increased sugar levels in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( pneumonia ) pneumonia ( seizures ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 68 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible serious side effects : if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - drowsiness , dizziness or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach_pain , stomach ache or pain in the abdomen ( signs of bowel problems ) - discomfort or bone pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness or muscle pain . your doctor will tell you what you can take to ease the bone inflammation . - if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you experience kidney injury ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ) shown in tests - low blood levels of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) - 60 - 60 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - dizziness - drowsiness - headache - muscle pain - liver enzymes tests show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( creatinine ) in the blood ( creatinine ) shown in tests - low blood levels of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( neutropenia ) - 60 - feeling weak , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of creatinine in your blood ( e . g . creatinine , creatinine ) shown in blood tests - low white blood cell count ( a reduced white blood cell count can make you more prone to infection ) - 60 60 if you experience feeling more hungry , drowsiness , weakness , chills , nausea , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick or nausea or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or tongue ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 . disappears . if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your the_infusion . stop using blitzima and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your the_infusion . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your the_infusion ) and during the first few hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health ) and during the first few hours after the start of the infusion . they are usually temporary . you will be observed by a health care professional during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health health . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your health .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , itching and symptoms of stevens - johnson syndrome ( e . g . rash , shortness of breath , cough and difficulty breathing ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ): - liver failure , which may indicate yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), o swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue have been reported . some side effects could be serious . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or other signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . pain , swelling , redness or fever ) as these may be signs of a drop in the number of red blood cells shown in blood tests . this may indicate that you have an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : this may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be a symptom of blood clots in the lungs ) such as pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the arms and legs . these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs . this may be seen in blood tests . your doctor will monitor your blood tests during treatment with medicines . symptoms may include : pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling in the arms and / or legs have been reported . as with similar medicines , these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): confusion , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other possible side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) runny nose sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , voice alteration ( sinus congestion ) blocked or runny nose , sneezing , headache , pain in the abdomen , arms or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat high or low blood pressure allergic reaction ( e . g . candidiasis , high blood sugar ) muscle pain , skin rash , rash , increased itchy bumps on the skin , eyes or eyes ( jaundice ) blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your muscles with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the muscles or left shoulder pain since difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking lamivudine spiromax and tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects of lamivudine_teva include the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - stomach ache - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abnormal results of enzymes produced by the muscles ( called transaminases ) - abnormal liver function tests ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction ( rash ) uncommon : may affect up to 'hives in body people - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - stomach ache - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - pain - headache - stomach pain - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abnormal results of liver enzymes ( enzymes in the blood ) - abnormal liver function tests ( transaminases ) - allergic reaction ( rash ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the body caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with lamivudine medac . this will help reduce the likelihood that you will have a side effect of therapy . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if you have a serious allergic reaction , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain or redness tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate serious side effects . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) seizures may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking anaphylaxis and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . if you notice any side effects tell your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , tiredness , shivering , and chest pain ) increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , changes in liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased liver enzymes ), rash , night sweats , hair loss , redness of the eye , skin rash , dry skin , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , back pain . the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : blurred vision , rash , itching , high blood pressure , changes in liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itching , high blood pressure , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , headache , shivering , nausea and / or vomiting ). if you experience these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , rash . if any of these side effects occur , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions may occur uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rash , itching and darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness , numb or tingling of hands and / or feet feeling of pain or swelling in your hands or soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by numb or numb , numb or double or double vision , or pain , swelling , redness or itching of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause numb , numb or numb , or sores in your hands or soles of feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling , redness or itching of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands and soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands and soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands , soles or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands and soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling of the hands and soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and burning pain . if you get any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . pain or swelling in the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience pain localised to the centre of the hands and soles of your feet , which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and skin-reaction . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking digestive_enzymes : very common ( may affect more than side_effects in 10 people ) side effects : if any of these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : allergic reactions ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), breathing difficulties , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , constipation , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash ( urticaria ), hives ( urticaria ), muscle aches or cramps , back pain or muscle pain , muscle aches or cramps , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , or pain in your arms or legs ( signs of peripheral neuropathy ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( nausea ), vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , constipation , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , rash ( urticaria ), hives ( urticaria ), muscle aches or cramps , back pain or muscle pain , muscle aches or cramps , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle aches , or pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), increased sweating , muscle pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps , or pain in your arms or legs ( signs of allergic reaction ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), rash , hives ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), rash , hives (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - rash , or hives ( hives ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience shortness of breath , wheezing , cough and shortness of breath which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( pancreatitis ). this may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you experience any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough - shortness of breath - this may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( pancreatitis ). this may occur very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , wheezing and sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , wheezing and sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough . frequency of the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare , serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough . frequency of the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare , serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , wheezing or cough . frequency of the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from available data ). - very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare , serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : - infection , such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , tiredness and stomach ache . your doctor will advise you what to do if you experience any of these effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) weight gain feeling tired ( fatigue ) feeling weak ( fatigue ) swelling ( oedema ) of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of oedema ) headache diarrhoea stomach ache inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( oedema ), swelling and / or fluid retention ( oedema ). rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when metformin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are diabetes , the following side effects have been reported : common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : weight gain or tired ( due to a dangerous decrease in the number of white blood cells ). very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when metformin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are diabetes , the following additional side effects have been reported : common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : weight gain or tired due to low blood pressure ( hypertension ) swelling ( oedema ) at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) swelling , sometimes of the face and mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . chest pain ( oedema ), swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ( oedema . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : changes in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when metformin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are diabetes , the following side effects have been reported : common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people : weight gain or tired due to low blood pressure ( angina ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when metformin is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are diabetes , the following side effects have been reported : common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever - feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - feeling tired ( feeling tired or fever ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - feeling tired - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - fever - upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood tests may show : - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an increase in the amount of sugar in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): if you experience an allergic reaction , including difficulty in breathing , wheezing or shortness of breath or fainting , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect of rapiscan is a rare but serious side effect . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 dizziness , paleness , dizziness , sleepiness , cough , shortness of breath , feeling tired or discomfort , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling or pain in the hands or throat ( signs of muscle problems ) blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 : feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing_in_the_ears , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or swelling of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath , which may be accompanied by diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 uncommon : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , shortness of breath , throat tightening , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 , feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , throat tightening , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , throat tightening , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , throat tightening , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting , fluttering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , throat tightening , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat discomfort , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - feeling generally unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , eye_pain , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat discomfort , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), 28 - generally feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 - feeling unwell , blurred vision , eye pain or discomfort , ringing in the ears , chest pain , throat discomfort , throat irritation , vomiting , feeling sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , feeling tired , hot flushes , swelling of the face , nausea , increased sweating , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye swelling , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the eyelid and eyelid sensitivity to light . general disorders : blurred vision . dry mouth and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes , swelling of the eyelid , eye swelling , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), nose bleeds ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), hot flushes ( possible signs of symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sinus infection ), severe upper stomach pain , sneezing , stuffy nose , sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), sinus infection ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes or other flu - like symptoms ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), hot flushes ( possible signs of symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes or other flu - like symptoms , ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , hot flushes or other flu - like symptoms . symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , nasal congestion , severe upper stomach pain , or inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , nasal congestion or severe upper stomach pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , nasal congestion or severe upper stomach pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , nasal congestion or severe upper stomach pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; symptoms include runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , nasal congestion , severe upper stomach pain , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), inflamed nose ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; symptoms include
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as headache , anxiety , abnormal vision , amnesia ( memory loss ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), confusion ( loss of consciousness ), confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal sense of taste ( vertigo ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your sexual functioning such as hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal sense of taste ( vertigo ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your sexual functioning such as hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal sense of taste ( vertigo ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your sexual functioning such as hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) headache anxiety abnormal sense of taste ( vertigo ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) seeing or hearing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your sexual functioning such as hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : headache , anxiety , abnormal vision , amnesia ( memory loss ), hallucinations ( loss of consciousness ), confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) ( peripheral oedema ) headache ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as headache , anxiety , abnormal vision , amnesia ( memory loss ), hallucinations , loss of consciousness , confusion , tiredness , fatigue ( tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) ( peripheral oedema ), headache ( hypotension ) hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting , restlessness , taste disturbances , weight loss , decreased appetite , excessive sweating , night sweats , inflammation of the pancreas , hiccups , inflammation of the pancreas , hiccups , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - headache - dry mouth - eye irritation - eye redness - changes in the colour of the heart - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - blurred vision - blurred vision - the clear layer of the eye - rash - increased amount of substances in the blood reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - sleepiness , - tiredness and dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis ( somnolence ), sleepiness , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - sleepiness , tiredness , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour and other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - sleepiness , tiredness , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour and other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - sleepiness , tiredness , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour and other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis , somnolence , sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : sleepiness or tiredness - dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose increase side effects like sleepiness , tiredness and dizziness may be more common . these effects should however decrease over time . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people nasopharyngitis ; somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness and dizziness . at the beginning of the treatment or at dose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) stop taking incruse_ellipta and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience any of the following symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - allergic reactions - hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , stomach pain , discomfort or burning sensation in the arms and legs , redness , swelling , itching and pain where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , rash , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation , vomiting , rash , back pain , feeling tired , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , confusion , mood swings , changes in vision , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): decreased appetite , confusion , mood swings , changes in vision , eye pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or muscle muscle muscle pain , muscle weakness , feeling tired and fatigue . rare side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or breathing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing or wheezing . these symptoms can be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face or hives ). other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain or stomach - stomach pain feeling sick , vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - feeling sick - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - itching - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( runny nose ) - pain in the stomach - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice any of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affecting less than 1 in 100 patients ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , decreased appetite , increased sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) feeling of pressure in the abdomen ( nausea ) increase in liver enzymes ( liver function test ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) nausea ( increase in liver enzymes ) liver function tests abnormal liver function tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) liver problems . liver problems if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
