like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of incivo are weakness , shortness of breath , immediately tell your doctor or nurse immediately . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected fever ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may make you feel weakness , weakness , light - headedness or fainting ) your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , skin_rash , light - headedness , fainting and / or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever ), flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of the following , you or your child may need urgent medical attention . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . fever , skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you have a fever , fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a skin rash , or fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or fever , flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a skin rash , or fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( lymphadenopathy , lymphadenopathy ). your doctor will tell you how to treat any of these side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( lymphadenopathy , paleness ). tell your doctor right away if you notice any of these side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( hepatitis ) yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes dark urine ( sarcoidosis ) if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a type of colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis , colds , or colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bronchitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , nasopharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose , nasopharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness , blood in the urine ), reduction in the number of a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( runny nose , nasopharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness , blood in the urine ), reduction in the number of a type of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness , blood tests ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood ( colds ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , runny nose , nasopharyngitis , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) and a decrease in the number of colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , runny nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects at the injection site if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia [ but it is important to inform your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as swelling of the swelling , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ). anaphylactic or anaphylactic reactions these are very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , stomach and feet , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating , as these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects include hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): it may lead to a problem with your liver . if you develop symptoms such as swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating . anaphylactic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions can be serious . these side effects are very common . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): it may lead to a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver and needs urgent medical attention . symptoms of such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): it may lead to a life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your liver and needs urgent medical attention . if you get symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction ). the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions of the liver ( e . g . swelling in arms and legs ). if you develop symptoms such as swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking hypoglycaemia : very common side effects ( these can affect more than 1 user in 10 ): formation of red blood cells , which can lead to more severe and life - threatening condition . if you develop symptoms such as swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating . these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . other side effects include : hypoglycaemia ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . if you develop symptoms such as swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating . anaphylactic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these side effects are uncommon . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) is a sign of liver problems : if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating and anaphylactic shock . these may be the signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : - abnormal liver function tests with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock or anaphylactic shock . this is known as a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with hypoglycaemia ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - abnormal liver function tests ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause bleeding which may cause itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given , such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling , a hard lump or swelling in the area around the hand or hand ( feeling sick ), stomach pain , feeling sick or sick ( stomach ) - muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms - injection site pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given , such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising , - inflammation or swelling at the site of the hand ( such as hand and foot syndrome ) - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) in the hand or hand ( see section 6 " warnings and precautions " in section 6 for more information and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact a doctor or nurse immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - this may be a sign of thrombosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported uncommonly ( symptoms include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , stinging ) at the injection site ( hypersensitivity ) or itching at the injection site . if this happens to you , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . allergic_reactions ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - signs of spontaneous_bleeding include pain , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal ( stomach ) pain , pain in the stomach or feet , stomach or stomach problems , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , stomach and stomach problems ( stomach and stomach ) pain in the upper stomach or feet , and loss of energy . your doctor will tell you how to treat any of the above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bleeding ( which may cause pain , swelling , oedema , and loss of appetite ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - dyspepsia ( flatulence ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - loss of appetite common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - reduction in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - lymphopenia ( a type of white blood cells ) - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - increase in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells involved in clotting ) - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the stomach or stomach , stomach and intestines ( abdominal pain ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - dark coloured urine - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , dark urine , pain in the right belly ( oedema ) - thirst , passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine - red spots on the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - muscle spasm - painful urination ( oedema ) - thirst - passing urine less often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - dark urine - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual - vaginal bleeding - muscle spasms - painful periods ( oedema ) - thirst - passing urine less often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduced platelets which may result in bruising . - if you have signs of pain , swelling , oedema , - loss of appetite , - headache , - feeling sick ( nausea ), dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ), - decreased appetite ( signs of increased appetite , weight loss and water retention ) 46 common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding in the stomach or stomach . - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - lymphopenia ( a type of white blood cells ) - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - build - up of fluid in the abdomen , in the stomach or stomach , from the stomach or stomach , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or eyes ), dark coloured urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , dark urine , pale coloured stools ( signs of kidney problems ) - painful or painful skin , oedema ( thirst ), neck pain , dark urine , red or purple spots on the skin , night sweats , dark urine ( signs of oedema ) - thirst , passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine , red spots on the skin , night sweats , dark urine ( signs of oedema ) - thirst , passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine , red or purple spots on the skin , night sweats , dark urine , dark urine ( signs of oedema , thirst , passing urine , dark urine , red spots on the skin , night sweats , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin ( signs of oedema ) - thirst , passing urine , dark urine , red spots on the skin ( erythema ), dark urine , dark urine , dark urine ( signs of oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than normal , dark
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more laventair_ellipta . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , hives ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) angioedema ( difficulties to breathe , feeling faint , feeling like your light , fast heartbeat , or collapse or loss of consciousness ) immediate breathing difficulties immediate breathing difficulties after coughing or wheezing , coughing , wheezing or wheezing chest pain ( angina pectoris ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : breathing difficulties , coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( these may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) in the legs ( frequency not known ) rapid loss of consciousness , which may be a serious , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing and chest pains ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may frequency be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may frequency be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may frequency be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may frequency be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection , seen rarely ( may frequency be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) loss of consciousness , which may be a serious , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing or coughing , wheezing or upper respiratory tract infections ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) urinary tract infection has been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( possible signs of a urinary tract disorder ). urinary frequency has also been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( possible signs of acute pulmonary distress syndrome ). urinary frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness , which may be a serious , life - threatening irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper respiratory tract ( signs of bowel problems ). urinary frequency has been reported with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to stop your laventair_ellipta treatment if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or pain in the chest ( angina pectoris ) abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or pain in the chest ( angina pectoris ). abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects signs of serious allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) allergic reaction which may include skin rash , hives or a severe allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) side effects of unknown frequency ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives or severe allergic reaction . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), pain in the arms or legs , 38 skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or feet ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face ). other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects the following side effects are uncommon ( these can affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects the following side effects are not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , diarrhoea , joint pain (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , pain in the hands and feet , joint , joint , joint , joint , joint , joint , joint , joint , joints , or joint , joint , joint , joint , joint , joints , or joint pain , nose bleeds ), nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , uncontrolled weight loss ( alopecia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , leg pain , pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain , leg pain , pain in your arms and legs , joint pain , pain in your arms and legs , joint pain , or pain in your joints , arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ), blood in your urine , discolouration of the bruising or skin ( signs of low level of blood platelets , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , 36 36 bruising ), nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ), joint pain ( myalgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), muscle pain (
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased feeling in the vagina and around the vagina . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rash , irritation or stiffness in the area of the penis , ear or back discomfort , pain or discomfort in the area around the area around the penis ( including burning sensation or pain in the area around the penis or in the area around the area around the penis ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , irritation , the_skin_redness , or stiffness in the area of the penis ( ear pain , ear pain , or pain in the back or discomfort or discomfort in and around the penis ) feeling tired pain in the arms and legs feeling tired pain in the arms and legs pain in the arms or legs headache pain in the arms or legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints and back ; back pain ; back pain ; temporary changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the joints ; jaundice ( severe and persistent pain in the abdomen and back ); back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; protein in the urine ; swelling in the abdomen and back ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine ; increases in some kinds of blood cells . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the glands of the eye ( jaundice ) and severe liver damage ; back pain ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine . in a small number of cases , jaundice ( which may cause severe abdominal and back pain ). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the joints
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , increased amount of tears , difficulty in sleeping , increased blood pressure , liver function tests abnormal , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loose stools liver function tests abnormalities in liver function tests , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) itching of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , muscle aches , back and skeleton pain , aching muscles , frequent urination problems getting an erection , weak , general weakness , fever , lack of energy , pain or discomfort in the back , weight gain , weight gain , changes in ejaculation colour ( taste disturbance ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of blood platelets , which may cause changes in blood clotting , changes in blood levels of certain liver enzymes ( aspartate aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase , blood in blood ), blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination , phosphate , potassium , calcium , calcium or protein in the urine , fluid overload , numbness , tingling , loss of balance , deafness , changes in taste mouth , ringing in the ears , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , liver failure yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , muscle twitching , neck and skeleton pain , shoulder and neck pain , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection muscle weakness , fever , feeling drowsy , pain or discomfort in the hands or feet weight gain , weight increase loss of weight , weight increase . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of blood platelets , which may cause changes in blood clotting ( blood alkaline phosphatase increased ) changes in blood test results for liver function , blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination , phosphate , potassium , calcium , or protein in the urine fungal infections bacterial and viral infections fungal infection of the skin , fungal infection of the skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , muscle aches , back and skeleton problems pain , including urgent need to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal itching , hair loss hair loss , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) itching , increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , inflammation_of_the_skin skin itching , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , inflammation_of_the_skin skin itching , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , muscle cramps , neck and skeleton pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of white blood cells ( which help to fight against blood tests ) increase in certain white blood cells changes in blood test results for liver function , blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination , phosphate , potassium , calcium , or protein in the urine fungal infections bacterial and viral infections fungal infections of the mouth , throat or skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , muscle aches , back and skeleton problems pain , including urgent need to urinate more often , in larger amounts , or at night thirst vaginal itching , hair loss hair loss , swelling of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , inflammation_of_the_skin skin itching , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , inflammation_of_the_skin skin itching , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , muscle cramps , neck and skeleton pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased number of white blood cells ( which help to fight against blood tests ) increase in white blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination , phosphate , potassium , calcium , or protein in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); 1 . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; this_medicine ; localised swelling of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; this_medicine ; localised swelling of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of ciambra may include the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( severe upper stomach pain ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting diarrhoea nausea rash ( pruritus ) flaking_skin ( tiredness ) rash common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of body fluids taste change damage to the motor nerves which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , including pain in the joints , muscles , and / or eyelids ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye dryness , dryness , tearing , irritation , or irritation in the mouth , throat , nose , throat or mouth , pain in the limbs pain in the limbs 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increase of liver enzymes in the blood increase of liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) stroke , chest pain and pains in the joints and / or back , which may be associated with tearing , tearing , irritation and / or irritation of the limbs inflammation of the lining of the stomach and covers the eyelids , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : swelling or redness of the skin , dryness of the skin , dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( abnormal collection of fluid in the belly ) vomiting upset stomach vomiting 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased bilirubin in the blood increase of liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack narrowing or blockage of the coronary arteries abnormal heart rythm deficient blood distribution to the limbs blockage in one of the pulmonary arteries in your lungs heart problems causing chest pain and swelling of the glands of the abdomen inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids eye dryness , dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) irregular heart rhythm indigestion 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased bilirubin in the blood increase of liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) stroke , chest pain and pains in the joints and / or arms , sometimes associated with pain , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . seek medical attention immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 7 people ) - swelling mainly of the face , face , face or throat - chest tightness - shortness of breath - wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , face , face , throat , chest , shortness of breath or wheezing - sudden drop in blood pressure - this is a very rare side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , you may be more likely to get this serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . skin rashes or blisters , blistering of the skin over your whole body , severe peeling of skin and eyes ( jaundice ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa which can be life threatening and lead to a change in the way things taste . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of rasagiline_mylan are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects , stop taking rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): 24 - data * - if you experience signs of excessive thoughts such as numbness , numbness , light - headedness , headache , low blood pressure and a fall in blood pressure . these symptoms can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion . they are usually temporary . you should see your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . the following side effects have been reported with placebo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , abnormal dreams , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , decreased weight , decreased weight , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint pain , joint pain ( including joint pain , painful joints ), numbness or numbness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) falling decreased , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), irritation_of_the_skin_(dermatitis) spots on the skin , itching of the skin , night sweats , abnormal abnormal vaginal bleeding , decreased weight , weight decreased , weight decreased , decreased appetite , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , tongue swelling ( oedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ); acne , night sweats , night sweats ( e . g . swelling of the face and throat , night sweats , abnormal vaginal bleeding ), decreased weight , decreased weight , decreased weight , abnormal dreams , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin grinding , dry skin , night sweats , abnormal abnormal vaginal bleeding , decreased weight , weight decreased , decreased appetite , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin grinding , dry skin , night sweats , abnormal vaginal bleeding , decreased weight , weight decreased , decreased appetite , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) of skin ( dermatitis ) acne , night sweats abnormal abnormal dreams , decreased weight , decreased weight , decreased weight , decreased weight , decreased appetite , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin grinding , dry skin , night sweats abnormal abnormal weight , decreased weight , weight decreased , weight decreased , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) redness of skin ( erythema ), night sweats abnormal abnormal weight decreased weight , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) acne night sweats ( itchy rash ) night sweats abnormal abnormal dreams , increased weight , weight decreased , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) rash , joint_inflammation sensation abnormal weight decreased weight , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams constipation , dry mouth skin irritation redness of skin ( jaundice ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) acne night sweats abnormal abnormal dreams , increased weight , weight decreased , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams constipation , dry mouth skin irritation redness of skin ( jaundice ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) acne night sweats abnormal abnormal dreams , increased weight , weight decreased , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite high blood pressure , headache , abnormal dreams constipation , dry mouth skin irritation redness of skin ( jaundice ) runny nose , irritation of the lips , mouth ulcers , dry lips skin rash , irritation of the skin , nail disorder abnormal abnormal abnormal vaginal bleeding weight loss , decreased appetite weight loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , swelling and itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , runny nose , nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry or bloody stools , swelling of arms or legs , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , gallbladder_inflammation skin , gallbladder_stones or dark spots on the skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , cough , vomiting , nausea , abdominal distension , abdominal swelling , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , swelling of arms or legs , facial flushing , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , nail disorder , abnormal skin sensitivity to light , night sweats , hair_loss skin , eczema , increased sweating , night sweats muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood clotting or bruising , bruising , cold sores , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , cold,_runny_nose , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , increased tendency to bruise , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising or inflamed skin , sensitivity to light , night sweats muscle aches , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high or low blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : allergic reactions , breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your heart and needs urgent medical attention . coma ( feeling sick ) or vomiting , reflux ( stomach ) pain , bloating , loss of appetite , dark coloured urine , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , neck pain , bloating , loss of appetite , dark coloured urine , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty in walking , muscle aches , spasms or fatty_lumps , dark or brown urine , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , neck pain , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle spasms , spasms , swelling of the skin or other parts of the skin , or other signs of low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or swelling of the skin or other parts of the eyes , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or stiffness , muscle spasms , or fatty_lumps yellowing of the skin and eyes or other parts of the eyes , eye swelling or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , muscle pain , spasms or swelling of the skin or other parts of the eyes , dry skin , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach or intestinal problems , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking erleada and contact your doctor immediately . - serious side effects contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - skin_rash red spots on the skin with symptoms such as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - tired or tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - tired or tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased weight - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) - symptoms may include skin rash , peeling or peeling of the outer layer of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms . - blood tests may show : - fever ( falls ) - increased heart rate - fit ( cardiac arrest ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . forget to use your insulin injection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , facial flushing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , stuffy nose , sinus infection , dizziness , drowsiness , irritability , visual disturbances , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , stuffy nose , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the face , tongue or jaw , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract pain , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract pain , cough , asthma , stomach discomfort , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , itching , skin redness , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty passing urine , cough , pain in extremity , feeling jittery , feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , sinus disorder , sinus infection , fungal infection , dry mouth , sinus disorder , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , dry mouth , skin itching , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , ringing in the ears , pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities ( fatigue ), fatigue and pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , viral infection , runny nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , hot flush , dry nose , skin itching , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , ringing in the ears , pain in the extremities , fatigue , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , fatigue ( pain ) in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , swollen face , abnormal liver function , runny nose , abnormal sense of taste , runny nose , sinus congestion , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin redness , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , ringing in the ears , sensation of pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities ( fatigue ), fatigue and pain_in_extremity pain in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , viral infection , runny nose , abnormal dreams , sinus congestion , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin discolouration , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , muscle spasms , urinary retention , ringing in the ears , pain in the extremities , fatigue , pain in the extremities , chest pain , feeling unwell . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal liver function test , runny nose , sinus disorder , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin redness , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , ringing in the ears , sensation of pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities , fatigue ( pain ) in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , swollen face , abnormal liver function , runny nose , abnormal sense of taste , runny nose , sinus congestion , sinus infection , runny nose , red skin , skin redness , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , ringing in the ears , sensation of pain in the extremities , swelling of the extremities , fatigue ( pain ) in the extremities . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the first signs of low blood sugar symptoms include : fever , chills , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling faint or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat ( signs of urinary tract infection ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) severe infection of the lung ( signs may include fever , chills , burning sensation when passing water ), swelling of arms , legs and legs . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when this medicine is used with a sulphonylurea or a sulphonylurea , low blood sugar , headache , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat ( signs of urinary tract infection or low blood sugar ) when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to dizziness in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can cause your body to retain water ( too high blood sugar ). signs of low blood sugar : headache , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling very tired , tired or sleepy breathing problems , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water in the urine , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water in the urine , or fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to creatinine_renal_clearance in every 100 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a combination of low blood sugar , eat actions to increase your blood sugar level immediately . see your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following : headache , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water in the urine , or fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to creatinine_renal_clearance in every 1 , 000 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) if you have a combination of low blood sugar , eat actions to increase your blood sugar level immediately . see your doctor as soon as possible if you have any of the following : headache , chills , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water in the urine , or fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to dizziness in every 1 , 000 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when you are taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or other diabetes . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . feeling dizzy . fast heart beat . feeling dizzy , tired , temporary loss of consciousness , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired or flushed vision , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water in the urine , or fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can make you more likely to get low blood sugar . if you get any of the above signs : - headache , - feeling very anxious , fast heart beat - feeling very tired or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) when taking this medicine with a sulphonylurea or insulin . - low blood sugar may occur if you : - headache , feeling very anxious or fast heart beat - feeling hungry or tired - passing little or no water ( urine ) - fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , stomach discomfort , indigestion , productive stomach , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , dry mouth , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of urinary tract infection ) ( including fatigue ), chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site , low red blood cell count , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensations , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary retention , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensations , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary retention , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensations , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching or high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , low number of red blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensations , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary retention , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , urinary retention , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in white blood cells , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression - anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching - itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms - frequent urination , fatigue - chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site - increase in blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , blocked or blocked discomfort , nasal discomfort , discomfort in the eyelid , acne , skin rash , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking mvasi and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - a severe allergic reaction - the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a rash , shivering and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea : if you have a serious allergic reaction , stop taking bevacizumab and seek medical help immediately . - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - if you notice any of the serious side effects above , seek medical advice immediately . - the symptoms may include : - if you notice a skin rash or if you get a rash , shivering and feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - you should seek medical help immediately . - if you get symptoms such as changes in brain colour , headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of illness . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious allergic reaction known as bevacizumab . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - other symptoms which may be life - threatening . - shivering or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea . you should seek medical help if you experience any of the serious side effects listed above . do not use taking bevacizumab without talking to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat - which may cause a rash or shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea side effect when bevacizumab is used with other medicines for the bevacizumab . symptoms include : - changes in brain colour - headaches , confusion , changes in vision , or posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). if you have a history of vision problems , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with bevacizumab . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat - which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to bevacizumab . - if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor if you notice any of the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your symptoms with bevacizumab . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. severe_side_effects may cause the following side effects : - headaches , confusion , or changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to loss of fingerprint , headaches , confusion , and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). - if you have problems thinking or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of bevacizumab '. it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. bevacizumab may cause a serious allergic reaction known as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a severe condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and may needs urgent medical attention . - difficulty breathing or shortness of breath - cough - coughing up blood - these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " - if you develop a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal . - a severe condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes a severe infection with symptoms such as : fever , nausea , vomiting , abdominal stiffness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , excessive thoughts of irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , - slow or uneven heartbeat , irritability , lightheadedness or lightheadedness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , changes in vision , - difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or memory loss , irregular heartbeat , and fast heartbeat . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - a severe condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes a severe infection with symptoms such as fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness and irregular heartbeat . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , changes in vision , - difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness and irregular heartbeat . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome ", which is a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , changes in vision , - difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or decreased consciousness and irregular heartbeat . - irregular heartbeat . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a condition called " neuroleptic malignant syndrome ", which is a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , changes in vision , - difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , or a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . a serious allergic reaction might include hives , blisters , blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , 64 headache , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea ( stomach ache ), diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm lung pain . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people dizziness , dry mouth , osteoarthritis , itching of the skin , stomach discomfort , flatulence , itching ( elevated patches in skin or kidney damage ), kidney impairment , dialysis . joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in xultophy appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; visual disturbances ; fast heartbeat ; stomach ache ; feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ); diarrhoea ; constipation ; bloating ; stomach ache ; feeling drowsy ; lack of energy ; changes in vision ; feeling nervous or anxious ; difficulty in concentrating . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased bilirubin levels in the blood 43 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 43 increased sugar in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; low blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif are usually mild and mild and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause you to swallow or fever . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether your_treatment must be stopped . your doctor will monitor your health pain and during the first few weeks after your treatment . your doctor will monitor your health pain and during the first few weeks after your treatment . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms and will decide if you will have any symptoms of a rash such as itching or reactions . the rash is usually mild to moderate and resolve within a few days to a few weeks of treatment . your doctor will give you how to deal with your symptoms and will decide if you will have any of the symptoms . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with giotrif . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms and will decide whether treatment must be stopped . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) decreased number of white blood cells ( including anaemia ) 49 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath sore throat 49 high level of sugar in the blood changes in the levels of liver enzymes in the blood that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " detected " in your blood liver problems ( including renal failure ) fluid in the lungs ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment with giotrif . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment but you should consult your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ), fluid retention in arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath , sore throat 49 decreased white blood cell count changes in liver function tests ( a liver enzyme called gamma gt ) in the blood that may cause changes in liver blood tests ( increased creatinine in the blood ) liver function test results showing a protein in the red blood cells ( cell anaemia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) acute renal failure a severe form of severe narrowing of the skin and / or tissue ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). your doctor will monitor your blood pressure during and after treatment but you should consult your doctor immediately if you develop any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ), fluid retention ( conjunctivitis ) increased levels of bilirubin in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath sore throat 49 changes in the levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( may be seen in tests ) changes in levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) increase in creatinine levels in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) changes in blood test results for pancreas function ( a protein found in the urine that would not be detected during blood tests ) increase in the amount of liver enzymes ( sign of kidney problems ) inflammation of the lungs which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back that does not require up to 2 days after stopping treatment . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) fluid retention ( conjunctivitis ) underactive thyroid gland 49 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath sore throat 49 changes in the levels of liver enzymes in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - any of the following symptoms : - shortness of breath , cough , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , inflamed stomach or stomach ache , - abdominal pain , - severe headache , - abnormal liver function tests , - increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash or redness . the side effects listed below have occurred with ivacaftor : very serious side effects uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - cough - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal pain - sinus problems - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash and redness the side effects listed below have been observed when ivacaftor was given in combination . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in lynparza appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in fast_heart_beat appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to section " warnings and precautions "). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching or swelling . contact your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . heart problems : rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of symptoms such as fever , shivering , sweating , shivering , low blood pressure , heart_attack heart rhythm disturbances , irregular heart rhythm , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - signs of heart attack , such as bruising , blood clotting problems and abnormalities in blood clotting . this is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( stroke ) see section 2 . - blood tests may show an increased level of liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - blood clots in lungs , which may cause difficulties in breathing or breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take ovaleap ). - other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or pain 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - chest pain - breathlessness - stroke - heart attack ( 2 ) - blood clots in your blood vessels ( venous thromboembolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a serious condition called thrombotic thrombocytic purpura ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially potentially life - threatening brain condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( ohss ). - stroke . - heart attack , and stroke . see also section 2 . - blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) which may cause swelling of the face and throat , with or without tightness of the chest . you may require additional treatment such as an infection and / or a fever . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing - you may require additional treatment such as an infection and / or a fever . these could be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing - you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or other pain , bruising , irritation , irritation , bruising or pain 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - chest pain - breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( 2 ) see section 2 . - blood tests may show increased levels of liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may include stroke , heart attack , stroke , 2 ( 2 ), see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ", - blood clotting problems , which may cause serious damage to your liver . - serious allergic reactions , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : some of these skin reactions may be life - threatening . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you have any of the following : signs of allergic skin reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ) itchy , bumpy rash ( red spots and swelling of the skin ) which can appear as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . liver problems such as pancreatitis ( frequency not known ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion 51 - musculoskeletal pain , - abnormally low levels of white blood cells ( see section 2 ) - skin flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , headache , fever , chills , weakness , chills , inability to sleep , depression , hallucinations , confusion , confusion , excessive sweating , - tingling , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), - pain in the eye , - changes in muscle tone , changes in muscle tone , changes in muscle tone , changes in muscle tone , changes in muscle colour , abnormal thinking , abnormal thinking , speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , blurred or decreased vision , increased sensitivity to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - bleeding in the eye or bleeding in the eye ( vitreous haemorrhage ) - sudden feeling of being very tired with sudden seeing or hearing things that are not there ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - inflammation of bile ducts , inflammation of bile ducts , inflammation of bile ducts , inflammation of bile ducts , inflammation of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct , inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of the bile duct , yellowing of the skin or eyes , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the eyes , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the eyes , sudden loss of vision , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the eyes , sudden loss of vision , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the eyes ( signs of liver problems ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back - difficulty in swallowing - liver inflammation ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the pancreas which causes severe pain
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 or 7 days after 7 or more of the following reactions : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling where the injection is given pain , warmth , swelling where the injection is given 7 mg / 7 cm ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) warmth , swelling where the injection is given itching , pain , warmth and swelling where the injection is given 7 mg / 7 cm ( . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth or swelling where the injection is given itching , pain , warmth and swelling where the injection is given 17 7 to 17 cm ( see section 7 ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) warmth or swelling where the injection is given itching , pain , warmth and swelling where the injection is given 17 than 39 ( see section 7 ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or non - healing rash on the skin , swelling , warmth or itching where the injection is given 17 7 to 17 years . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or non - healing rash on the skin , swelling , warmth or itching where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling or non - healing rash on the skin , swelling , warmth or itching where the injection is given 17 7 to 17 years . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing if you have any of these symptoms or a serious condition called frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you have a serious condition called frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this event is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain , weakness or shivering low blood pressure ( potential signs of a low level of white blood cells ) high level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) high level of " alkaline phosphatase " in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) high level of bilirubin in the blood ( which can lead to loss of fat ) swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) sleepiness swelling of hands , ankles , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) inability to sleep ( insomnia ) difficulty passing water ( urine ) pain in arms or legs swelling of hands , ankles and feet ( oedema ) itching of the skin ( flushing ) loss of hair , discharge or pain in the arms and / or legs abnormal sense of taste protein in the urine abnormal feeling feeling anxious or lack of energy joint pain pain at the injection site weight loss kidney cyst ( fluid - filled sac in the kidney ) swelling of legs and feet changes in sense of taste or loss of sense of taste . pain at the injection site weight loss kidney cyst ( fluid - filled sac in the kidney ) other possible side effects are listed below : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - signs of liver problems - the signs may include swelling of the face , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision and visual loss ( reversible posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ). this may cause breathlessness , breathlessness , blurred vision , see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - respiratory infection - urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) - abnormal blood tests ( increased creatinine ) - blurred vision ( cloudy vision ) - blurred vision ( seeing vision ) - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - wheezing or other signs of infection such as : - fever - chills - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour - increased cough or increased breathing difficulties common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a sudden fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to wheezing . this is a uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . other possible side effects of temybric_ellipta are : - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches in the mouth ( thrush ) - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - cough - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - bleeding in the stomach or intestine - bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ) - urinary tract infection - joint pain - urinary tract infection - infection in the urinary tract ( constipation ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - reduction in blood pressure ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blockage of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - change in taste ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction , which may be life - threatening . stop taking zinforo and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin - anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ) - anaphylaxis ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - signs of bleeding in the stomach or intestines ( gastrointestinal haemorrhage ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or irritation where the injection is given - itching , bruising , swelling , pain or irritation where the injection is given . - a_decrease , a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood . - antibiotic not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ), - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood . - fever , sore throat or other signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) may be a severe allergic reaction that may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of acute severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may develop a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of acute severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may develop a severe allergic reaction that may include swelling of the face , throat , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious allergic reaction to the medicine ( such as anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of acute severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may feel severe , sometimes if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . - acute a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may feel severe , sometimes if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) - if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( blister , chest tightness , and / or swelling ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin_pfizer and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called " diabetes " - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : sweating , sore throat , runny nose , increased blood pressure , abnormal blood test results ( hypertension ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clotting disorders , flu - like illness , fungal infections , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , thoughts of suicide , memory impairment , clumsiness , memory impairment , lack of motivation , difficulty with speaking , falling asleep , loss of consciousness , low blood pressure , collapse or pneumonia , pneumonia , runny nose , sore throat , heartburn , retching , wind , dry mouth , wind , retching , dry mouth , difficulty in swallowing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or jaw , muscle weakness , neck pain , inability to obtain an erection , changes in eyesight , increased appetite , weight gain , muscular pain , stiffness , numbness , weakness , or feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of the following , or signs of sepsis ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). arrhythmia may cause heart rhythm problems and breathing , a fast heart rate or abnormal blood pressure . this can lead to a heart problem such as arrhythmia or arrhythmia . urinary tract infections ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions , including difficulty breathing or breathing , or a severe skin reaction ( e . g . rash or rash ). some patients have experienced serious allergic reactions while taking prednisolone . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis and sepsis ) have been reported . if you experience any of these serious side effects you should stop taking zytiga and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs of sepsis such as heart failure , chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm , changes to the electrical rhythm of the heart ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , changes to the electrical rhythm of the heart ( palpitations ) rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , or breathing difficulties heart rhythm disturbances ( palpitations , fast heart rate , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm ), blood clots in the blood vessels of the heart rhythm , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from the heart muscle , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from the heart muscle , blood clot in the qt interval of the heart , slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart , prolongation of the qt interval from your heart , rapid heartbeat upon standing , slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , blood clot in the qt interval of the heart ( palpitations ), fast heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clots in the veins ( palpitations ), rapid heart rate , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , palpitations , irregular heart rhythm , high blood pressure , low heart rate , low blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , low heart rate , increased blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : heart_failure * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( guillain - barr syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ); or stroke ; blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ); urinary tract inflammation ; fungal infections ; headache ; vomiting ; nausea ; feeling sick ; wounds ; nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , prickling , tingling or prickling ; seizure ; new or throbbing pain ; leg prickling ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; frequent urination ; frequent urination ; fever ; high blood sugar levels ; reduction in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells , platelets , red blood cells and platelets , red blood cells , and platelets ( red blood cells ), increase in white blood cells ; changes in the type of sugar in the blood , which may lead to shock ; high blood pressure ; psychotic disorders ( including : headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick ); wounds ; nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , prickling , tingling or prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; tingling ; prickling ; tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of numbness ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; prickling ; pins and needles ; sensation of tingling ; pins and needles ; tingling or prickling ; sensation of burning ; pins and needles ; or minor weakness ; nerve spasms ; back pain ; muscle spasms ; blood in urine ; frequent urination ; frequent urination ; fever ; high blood sugar levels ; reduction in the number of platelets ( a blood cell essential for the clotting of the blood ), decreased number of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells , platelets , red blood cells and platelets , red blood cells and / or platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), increase in certain white blood cells ( platelets ), decrease in the number of all white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ), decreased number of white blood cells (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . during an ritemvia infusion , it can be life - threatening . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : infusion related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if these symptoms occur . if you have any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms tend to occur when you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after you start taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . in addition to the above , when paracetamol is used alone , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell a doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : cancer at the site of cancer . the following side effects may happen with capecitabine_teva : very serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ) headache diarrhoea feeling or being sick ( nausea or loss of appetite ) stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 a risk of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). decreased levels of calcium in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , runny or stuffy nose , uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea dry mouth difficulties in getting or keeping an erection faster heart rate allergic reaction affecting the skin like rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) fast or irregular heart beats ( called palpitations ) fainting / loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , cough , cardiac failure ( shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ), low potassium levels in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( symptoms may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , low blood pressure and treatment with afstyla may be symptoms of a lung allergic reaction ) if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction , including anaphylaxis and difficulty in breathing , wheezing , hives or low blood pressure . treatment with afstyla may cause the following symptoms : - wheezing or difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives ( difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives ( difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives ( difficulty in breathing ) - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives ( difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure ( symptoms of allergic reaction ) - hives - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : sepsis ( sepsis ) that may be severe and could lead to sepsis . your doctor may perform an echocardiogram before , during your treatment with temomedac . symptoms related to a history of nervous system problems such as bleeding , bruising , sleepiness , confusion , convulsions , convulsions , inflamed pancreas ( convulsions ) or heart rhythm disturbances ( see section 2 ). palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) pneumonia ( e . g . pneumonia or bronchitis ) fluid retention ( oedema ) due to fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). fluid retention ( oedema ) bruising of the skin ( haematoma ) bruising of the skin ( cellulitis ) weight increase weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fungal infections of the blood ( sepsis ), lymphopenia , lymphopenia , emotional instability , mood swings , hallucination , impaired vision , perception of light - headed , fast or irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ), palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) palpitations , forgetfulness , mood swings , confusion , forgetfulness , mood swings , ringing in the ears , double vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , ear swelling , ringing in the ears , deafness in the eye , deafness , ringing in the ears , double vision , ringing in the ears , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath , cough , cough inflammation of the sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath , cough , cough inflammation of the sinuses ( signs of inflammation of the sinuses , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry or watery eyes , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , blood in the urine ( palpitations ), ringing in the ears ( signs of pneumonia ) - bronchitis ( lung infection ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - menstrual bleeding ( e . g . bleeding from the bowels , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty in swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry or watery eyes - deafness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle spasms , muscular spasms - hot flushes , earache - a collection of blood clots in the deep palpitations ( pneumonia ) - bronchitis - inflammation of the sinuses ( pneumonia ), bronchitis , inflammation of the sinuses ( bronchitis ), bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry or watery eyes - deafness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle spasms , muscular spasms - hot flushes , earache - infection of the lung ( palpitations ) - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - bronchitis - inflammation of the sinuses ( pneumonia ), bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry or watery eyes , deafness - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle spasms , muscular spasms - hot flushes - earache - a collection of blood clots in the deep palpitations ( pneumonia ), bronchitis , infection of the lung ( pneumonia ), bronchitis , inflammation of the sinuses ( bronchitis ), bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry or watery eyes - deafness , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - muscle spasms , muscular spasms - hot flushes - earache - a collection of blood under the skin ( pneumonia ), -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the face , hives , difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux , muscle aches , pain in arms and legs , facial flushing , headache and dizziness . other side effects have been reported with cialis : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , heart attack , chest pain , irregular heart beat ( angina pectoris ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain_in_arms_and_legs , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux , muscle aches , pain in back , back , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , muscles and bones ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden decrease or loss of hearing . other side effects with cialis may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain_in_arms_and_legs , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux , muscle aches , pain in arms , back , limbs , back , limbs , joints , muscles , limbs , joints , muscles and bones ( signs of raynaud ' s syndrome ). sudden coldness and feeling of tightness in the chest . other signs of a high blood pressure may include low blood pressure , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain in arms or legs , back pain , stiffness in muscles , bones and / or joints . these could be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people  diarrhoea ; being sick ( vomiting ); stomach ache ; reflux or muscle aches ; pain in arms or legs ; joint discolouration ; absence of energy ; headache ; dizziness . other side effects with this medicine include the following : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ; heart high blood pressure ; chest pain ; angina ( angina ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; nasal congestion ; nasal congestion ; nasal congestion ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; reflux of stomach wall ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of reflux of hair ; muscle aches or leg pain ; back pain ; painful joints ; incontinence ( a feeling of having spinning " worse ); sensation of heart beating rapidly ; low blood pressure ; low blood pressure nasal congestion ; nasal congestion ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; reflux or reflux disorders ; back pain ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; feeling weak or having a fast heartbeat ; low blood pressure . immediately , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you experience sudden breathlessness , other side effects while taking this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  high blood pressure ; heart rate ; chest pain ; angina ( angina ); high blood pressure ; high blood pressure ; nasal congestion ; nasal congestion ; nasal congestion ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; reflux of stomach wall ; stomach ache ; indigestion ; vomiting ; reflux of reflux of hair ; muscle aches or leg pain ; back pain ; painful joints ; incontinence ( rapid or irregular heart beat ); low blood pressure ; low blood pressure ; immediately on standing up due to a low blood pressure nasal congestion  nasal congestion  feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; reflux of stomach ; muscle aches or pain ; back pain ; painful joints ; stiffness in muscles , arms or legs ; high blood pressure ; low blood pressure . immediately of the side effects gets serious , or if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 10 people ). if this side effect occurs , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10,000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms of such reactions include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or sweating
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the respiratory system ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , sore throat ), common cold ( nasopharyngitis ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the skin ( cellulitis ), blood in the urine ( hypotension ), weight loss , decreased feeling or sensitivity , weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heartbeat , changes in behaviour , heartbeat , restlessness , inflammation of the lining of the heart ( e . g . gut pain in the upper belly ), fluid in the abdomen , changes in the colour of the kidney , abnormal kidney function tests , kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , inflammation of the gall bladder , rash of the skin , raised bumps on the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( runny nose , abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , dry mouth , hives ( hives ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : allergy at the back of the eye ( inner iris ), localised swelling of the conjunctiva ( the iris ) caused by localised , including : localised swelling of the front part of the iris ( the iris ) caused by damage of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front part of the iris ), swelling of the eyelid and eyelid ( including small particles or spots in the centre of the iris ), swelling of the eyelid and eyelid ( including small particles or spots in the centre of the iris ), swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer of the iris and pupil of the iris ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil of the white of the eye ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the skin and mucous membranes ( e . g . skin and / or eyes ) damage to the clear layer of the eyeball ( the iris ) caused by damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye , swelling and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer in the iris and pupil of the iris ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( a type of swelling of the front part of the eye ), blurred vision , burning sensation in the front part of the skin ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), hair loss , inflammation of the fatty layer under the surface of the eye ( retinal iris occlusion ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the skin and mucous membranes ( most often the eyeball or the iris ) damage to the clear layer in the eyeball and uvea ( the iris ) damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer at the front of the eye , which may be associated with damage to the the clear layer of the iris , which may cause eye pain , burning , and redness of the eyelids and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina , red spots on the surface of the eyelids ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer in the iris and pupil of the white of the eye ) have been reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation_of_the_skin on the surface of the eye ( conjunctival oedema ) damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer of the eyeball that covers the iris and the iris ( including those of the lower part of the iris and pupil of the white of the eye ) and raynaud's_phenomenon ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil of the white of the eye ) and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . inflammation of the iris and / or mucous membranes , which may be associated with myasthenia_gravis , inflammation or scarring of the surrounding layer of the surrounding tissue ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). bleeding from the brain ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) lack of white and white blood cells , and platelets in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation_of_the_skin on the surface of the eye ( conjunctival oedema ) damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer in the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ) damage to the clear layer of the iris and the clear layer of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , redness or itching of the skin ), erythema . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . gastroenteritis ), sinusitis , headache , stomach ache , constipation , nausea , stomach ache , liver function tests abnormal , decreased appetite , night sweats , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling ( paraesthesia ), tiredness ( malaise ), blurred vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , vertigo , difficulty with urination , back pain , changes in the way things taste , reduced sense of taste , vertigo , difficulty with speaking , dry eyes , abnormal ecg sensation ( dysgeusia ), difficulty in passing urine , pain when urinating , sudden weight loss , changes in ejaculation falls ( vertigo ), difficulty in passing urine , chest pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty with writing properly , ringing in the ears , vertigo , difficulty with writing properly , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), difficulty in passing urine , increase in blood creatinine levels ( thrombocytopenia ), increased blood levels of uric acid , excess of lipids ( fat ) in the blood , weight gain , weight increase or decrease , weight increase , weight increase . urinary tract infections ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a ) summary of serious and very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , increased blood pressure , fainting , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , changes in blood pressure and confusion , problems with balance , feeling or being sick ( nausea or feeling very weak with no energy ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance or balance . these are signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , changes in blood pressure ( fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased consciousness ) or confusion . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , changes in blood pressure ( fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased consciousness ) or confusion . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , changes in some blood tests . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , changes in blood pressure ( fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased consciousness ) or confusion . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance , loss of consciousness , changes in blood pressure ( fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased consciousness ) or confusion . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , changes in some blood tests . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion , problems with balance , feeling restless , slow heartbeat , changes in blood pressure ( fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased consciousness ) or confusion . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd ( uncommon ). very common ( may affect more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the respiratory system ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , sore throat ), common cold ( nasopharyngitis ), bleeding_in_the_stomach ( sore or watery stools ), sinusitis ( sore or sore throat ), redness , swelling or a hard lump where the tissue is applied ( haematoma ) or coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) pale or runny nose , nose bleeds , runny nose ( epistaxis ), difficulty passing urine ( fluid retention ), feeling of tiredness ( fatigue ), feeling weak ( asthenia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), low white blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood called platelets that help to fight against infection ( thrombocytopenia ) fluid retention ( oedema ) feeling weak , tired , shaking or asthenia ( signs of a low blood pressure ) phosphorus in blood tests ( phosphorus or phosphorus ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( somnolence ) feeling of tired ( somnolence ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( somnolence ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( somnolence ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue ) feeling weak , feeling weak ( asthenia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood caused by infection ( sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) a decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , known as platelets , which may be a sign of acute pancreatitis ( failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells ), fluid retention ( feeling thirsty ), tired , shaking , asthenia ( asthenia ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ), phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ), somnolence ( asthenia ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ), phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ), somnolence ( asthenia ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ), phosphorus or phosphorus in a blood test ( thrombocytopenia ), in a blood test ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( somnolence ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( phosphorus or phosphorus ) a low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ), somnolence ( asthenia ), increased blood pressure ( hypertension ), phosphorus or phosphorus in a blood test ( phosphorus or phosphorus ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) flu - like symptoms , such as somnolence or shaking ( these may be signs of a low level of potassium in the blood , known as thrombocytopenia ) low levels of potassium in the blood , flu - like symptoms , nose bleeds , runny nose , runny nose ( epistaxis ) painful urination ( epistaxis ) difficulty passing urine ( urinary retention ) feeling of being unwell ( asthenia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection in the blood caused by infection ( sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) a decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood , known as platelets , which may be a sign of acute pancreatitis ( failure of the bone marrow to produce red blood cells ), fluid retention ( feeling thirsty ), tired , shaking , asthenia ( signs of a low level of blood platelets ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( somnolence ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue ) somnolence ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood phosphorus ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) feeling of somnolence ( fatigue )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) diarrhoea nausea ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain headache joint pain , headache joint pain , lack of energy ( anorexia ) joint pain , muscle pain , joint pain 34 tiredness ( loose or watery stools ) common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) cough cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain headache joint pain , joint pain , abnormal dreams , joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea 34 ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) dry mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation , dry mouth stomach pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) dry mouth difficulty in sleeping vomiting , inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) 34 - up of acid in the liver difficulty in sleeping , vomiting 34 constipation , dry mouth abnormal dreams , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) dehydration difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) vomiting 34 constipation , stomach pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth inflammation of the mouth , difficulty passing stools , problems with digestion resulting in liver function tests vomiting 34 inflammation of the stomach and intestine , acid reflux , acid reflux , urinary tract pain , vomiting 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth , tongue or throat , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth , passing wind ( flatulence ) alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation , stomach pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth difficulty in sleeping vomiting , vomiting 34 not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflamed eyes abnormal liver function tests cough 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth and throat , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) fever 34 other side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the arms and / or legs ( sinusitis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea ( indigestion ) abnormal dreams , changes in taste 34 joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , problems with digestion resulting in liver function tests vomiting 34 constipation , dry mouth stomach pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea 34 ringing in the ears , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest , abnormal taste , abnormal dreams , vomiting 34 dry mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea 34 ringing in the ears , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth , teeth and / or eyes ( oral oedema ) abnormal dreams , vomiting 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth and throat , abdominal pain , joint pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 dizziness , dyspnoea 34 ringing in the ears , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth vomiting ( dyspepsia ) difficulty passing stools ( insomnia ) stomach pain , low levels of sodium in the blood vomiting 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 34 inflammation of the stomach and intestine , which may be associated with abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which might be fatal : - fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of some blood cells ). fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of some blood cells ). fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of some blood cells ). fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). anaemia , which may be associated with fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). anaemia , which may be associated with fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). anaemia , which may be associated with fever , chills and fatigue , low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a lung problem : fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , which may be severe and could lead to fever . contact your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following , such as fever , chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of blood cells . fever , chills , fatigue and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than specific_treatment in 10 people ): such as nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of white blood cells , anaemia , headache , fatigue , and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells . fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). fever , chills , fatigue and muscle weakness . these effects are usually mild and moderate and only last for a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : stomach pain , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). headache , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ). anaemia , which may be associated with fever , chills and fatigue , low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a lung problem : fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , which may be accompanied by fever , chills and fatigue , low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a lung problem : fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , which may be accompanied by fever , chills and fatigue , low levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a lung problem : fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , which may be severe and could lead to fever . contact your doctor if you experience a combination of fever , fatigue , weakness , chills or pain in your arms , arms or legs and muscle pains . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking varuby : - if you feel unwell or feel unwell . - an allergic reaction . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - sudden wheezing , severe swelling of your face , lips , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking varuby and contact your doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this occurs rarely - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , weakness , tenderness or weakness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction such as a sudden fall in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction such as a sudden fall in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction such as a sudden fall in blood pressure , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction , which may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking varuby and contact your doctor immediately . - your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction : if you get an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately . - an allergic reaction : tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction , which may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - an allergic reaction : if you get an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately . - an allergic reaction : tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . seek medical attention immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction , which may include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips or tongue skin rash , itching or hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , indigestion ( flatulence ) pain in muscles , joints and bones joint pain muscle spasm muscle spasm difficulty in falling asleep common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract candidiasis candidiasis ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat infection of the mouth ( oral thrush ) thrush , a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache joint and muscle pain joint pain ( dysuria ) muscle spasm ( dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). allergy may cause a very rare , but serious side effect . if you get any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy - allergy - allergy ( pain , headache , feeling weak and pain in the hands or feet ) - peripheral oedema ( blurred vision ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - wind ( flatulence ) - stomach pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - urinary tract infection - inability to get or maintain an erection - urinary retention - kidney problems including acute renal failure - muscle weakness - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergy - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - skin skin discolouration reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , muscle and muscle tingling , tingling , feeling drowsy , sleepy , feeling very sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling very sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling very sleepy , feeling sleepy , having difficulty in concentrating , tingling or numbness of the ears . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling dizzy feeling sleepy when standing up because of a fall in blood pressure on the ears , tingling or numbness of the skin 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) cough dry mouth , vertigo , irritation of the mouth , dry mouth excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement feeling abnormal or abnormal sensation in the arms , sensation , such as tingling , ringing or pricking sensation 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 altered sense of taste vertigo , increased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal taste 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 altered sense of taste vertigo , dry mouth dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth abnormal muscle cramps , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 altered taste 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands 37 37 * changes in muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands 37 37 these may be signs of vertigo , spinning sensation 37 ; ringing in the ears , vertigo ; spinning sensation 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle movements ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ; vertigo ; increased sweating ; dry mouth ; abnormal muscle sensations ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 ; altered taste ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more zelboraf . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , chills - a general feeling of being unwell , - fever , chills , - feeling tired , - abnormal liver function test , - serious allergic reactions . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ). - serious allergic reactions . if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ). - severe kidney problems . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions . if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness and difficulty in breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may cause rash , itching , swelling of the face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - back pain - dizziness or extreme_tiredness - like headaches - low blood sugar levels ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar ( anaemia ) - low blood sugar levels common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - anaemia , low blood sugar , headache , dizziness , sensation of tingling , numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - gout , hallucinations , joint pain , muscular pain , - changes in taste or loss of taste ( gout ); - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; - enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): combination of gout ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): gout and / or muscle pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( gout ); uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , spasm or spasm , irritability , nervousness , excessive sweating , low blood pressure and palpitations , stuffy nose ( sinus congestion ), sneezing , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , watery nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , stomach or abdominal pain , indigestion , vomiting , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , hair loss , joint pain , joint swelling , generalised swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ulcer , feeling sick ( nausea ), hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry eye , dry skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity_to_light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , cold_symptoms voice , sinus infection , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , tooth disorder , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , dry eye , night sweats , joint swelling , joint pain , generalised swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ulcer , feeling sick ( nausea ), hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry eye , dry skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , cold_symptoms voice , sinus infection , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , tooth disorder , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , dry_eye dry eye , night sweats , fungal infection , viral infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , tooth disorder , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , dry eye , dry skin , sensitivity to light , night sweats , joint pain , generalised swelling . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , palpitations ( irregular heartbeat ), increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ulcer , feeling sick ( nausea ), hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red spots on the skin , dry eye , dry skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , swelling of the eyelid , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , bleeding in the eye , runny nose , stuffy nose , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . lower red blood cell count ( anaemia ), with or without the_skin_pale , breathlessness , breathlessness , difficult or laboured breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . this may be a sign of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening . - sore throat or cough - fluid in the lungs - chest pain or neck pain - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response , rare - may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - coughing up blood - these may be signs of a possible condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and require urgent medical attention . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing - coughing up blood - these may be signs of a possible condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get some or all of these symptoms : - headache - joint pain - skin rash or fever - swollen face , lips , tongue or throat - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite . tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by a history of the illness ) seen very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - headache - joint pain - skin rash with fever - feeling sick ( fatigue ) - decrease in the amount of potassium in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by riluzole_zentiva or by other medicines : decrease in the number of white blood cells or white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the white of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching all over , feeling sick or being sick yellowing of the skin and the whites of your eyes jaundice ( see section 2 ). liver problems ( pancreatitis ) anaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) pancreatitis ( jaundice ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site bruising , bruising , swelling ( vertigo ), or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) allergic reactions ( including injection site pain , itching , rash , bruising , swelling and vertigo ) low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) allergic reactions ( including injection site pain , itching , rash , bruising , swelling and vertigo ) low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site bruising , bruising , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), vertigo ( low blood pressure ) injection site reactions ( such as injection site pain , itching , rash , bruising , swelling and vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site bruising , bruising , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling and / or swelling ) injection site reactions ( injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness and feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling and / or swelling ) - injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - vertigo - injection site reactions ( injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling and / or swelling ) - injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , difficulty in breathing or difficulty immediately or difficulty immediately or immediately contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( fatigue ) - fever these these side effects can become severe ; tell your doctor immediately if these side effects become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea fever - fever these may be the signs of a side effect of the following side effects . this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea fever - fever these these side effects are usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( loose stools ) - fever these may be signs of an infection of the lungs . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects can become severe ; tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea fever - fever these may be the signs of a side effect of the following side effects . this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( loose stools ) - fever these these side effects are usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects can become severe ; tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or pharmacist if you get any of these side effects . these side effects are common . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . these side effects are common . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . these side effects are common . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever fever tell your doctor or nurse if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects other side effects include the following
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : fatigue ( these may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , aching or distended muscles ( abdomen ), pain in arms or legs , joint pain , joint pain , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , itching common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , cough , shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , heartburn , abdominal pain , rectal bleeding , joint pain , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like illness , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like illness , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - like illness , flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased hair loss , thinning or swelling of mouth , tongue or jaw , joint pain , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , joint pain , 50 50 flu - flu - like illness , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like illness , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , increased
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more proquad . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following allergic reactions as these may be signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing ; which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - hives , swelling , pain , tenderness , or swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , irritability , seizures , fever and / or fever . - blood disorders such as bruising , swelling , pain , redness , soreness or soreness of the skin , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , or pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or soreness of the skin - swelling of hands , ankles or feet - difficulty in breathing - low blood pressure - measles - like symptoms such as vomiting and diarrhoea - low blood pressure . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of blood platelets , which may cause bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - low or low blood pressure - bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness or pain - diarrhoea - vomiting other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of blood platelets , which may cause bruising , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking jylamvo : - if you develop an infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , with or without difficulty breathing - severe dizziness with or without breathing problems - these may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of fat ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - indigestion - abdominal pain - indigestion - severe constipation - accumulation of fluid in the muscles and groin ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) and / or methotrexate organs ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - indigestion - abdominal pain - indigestion - severe constipation - accumulation of fluid in the muscles and groin ( shown in a blood test ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( called an_infection ) in the blood ( agranulocytosis ) - nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( abdomen ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis - collection of pus in the tissues of the groin or groin ( signs of numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or burning sensations in the arms and / or legs ) - inflammation of the veins ( colitis ) - inflammation of the cartilage ( pneumonitis ) - nausea , vomiting , black stools ( abdomen ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of the hands or groin ( hand - foot syndrome ) - nausea , vomiting - black stools ( oesophagus ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis ( haematoma ) - dermatitis - collection of pus in the tissues of the groin or groin ( signs of numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or burning ) in the hands or feet - inflammation of the muscles or groin - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - nausea , vomiting - black stools ( oesophagus ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of the hands or groin ( hand - foot syndrome ) - numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness in the hands and feet - inflammation of the joints ( colitis ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles , acne , hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis , inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth ( dermatitis ) - acne - collection of fluid in the abdomen , groin or groin ( signs of numbness , tingling , tingling or burning ) in the hands or feet - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - acne - collection of fluid in the abdomen , groin or groin - nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ( oesophagus ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) - numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or burning in hands or feet - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - bleeding from the gums ( signs of bowel problems ) - nausea and vomiting - black stools ( oesophagus ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine ( dysuria ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of the hands or groin which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high level of " ketone bodies " in your urine or hyperglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of " leukocytes " a type of white blood cell ( hyperglycaemia ) which can cause excessive thirst or hunger bleeding ( including severe rash with itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ) serious infections such as low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia , which may make you feel hunger or hunger ) infection of the lungs ( e . g . rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , or dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe infection of the skin ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . during an riximyo infusion , it can be life - threatening . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : infusion related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if these symptoms occur . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms tend to occur when you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms tend to occur when you start taking paracetamol . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may need to have your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if your doctor advises that you can start taking paracetamol again , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . in addition to the above , when paracetamol is given alone , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and keep your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if your doctor advises that you can start taking paracetamol again , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if your doctor advises that you can start taking paracetamol again , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor will check whether your symptoms were related to a hypersensitivity reaction . if your doctor advises that you can start taking paracetamol again , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - signs and symptoms of liver problems ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - tiredness or feeling sick , nausea or vomiting , loss of appetite . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you notice any of these symptoms or symptoms , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - bleeding or bleeding that is severe or that you cannot control unexpected blood clotting ( platelets ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , stomach or intestine , fever or diarrhoea , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the lung is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention you should your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , slow pulse , and uncontrolled movements of the eyes feeling confused , feeling restless , problems falling asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hyperactivity ( high level of activity , restlessness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the patch was used , such as blisters or skin inflammation if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor as you may need medical assistance . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling drowsy or drowsy in the ears ( including feeling of confused , confused , confused , confused ) 48 48 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or drowsy in the confused , confused , vomiting , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , stomach or intestinal pain , indigestion , indigestion rash itching ( pruritus ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) muscle cramps back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the veins or the throat ) decreased secretion of hormones produced by the stomach or throat ( gastroenteritis ) itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach or intestinal pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation rash , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle spasms , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the veins in the throat ), obstruction of the intestines , obstruction of the intestine , dryness of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) back pain , muscle cramps , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the veins or the throat ) decreased secretion of hormones produced by the stomach or throat ( gastroenteritis ) itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , increase in liver enzymes ( increase of certain enzymes produced by the kidney ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the lining of the throat , causing difficulty in swallowing ), indigestion / vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , indigestion rash , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the veins or the throat ) decreased secretion of hormones produced by the stomach or throat ( gastroenteritis ) itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestinal , increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the kidney , kidney or kidney enzymes . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the lining of the throat , causing difficulty in swallowing ), indigestion / vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , stomach discomfort inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , constipation , indigestion rash , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) muscle cramps back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( which may include inflammation of the veins or the throat ) decreased secretion of hormones produced by the stomach or bowel , which may be associated with pain in the abdomen , stomach bloating , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , increase of eosinophils ( an enzyme produced by the kidney ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be seen after the use of pemetrexed_hospira : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( severe upper stomach pain ) low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low white blood cell count low blood platelet count low blood platelet count allergic reaction which may include redness , swelling and sores of the mouth nausea vomiting abdominal vomiting constipation constipation rash skin rash redness of the skin feeling tired tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) ( blood uric acid increased ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state respiratory failure accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state respiratory failure accumulation of fluid in the lungs acute narrowing of the airways abnormally low oxygen levels in the blood difficulty in breathing when lying flat bleeding from the lower part of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ( seen only in combination with cisplatin ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) chest pain abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ( macular oedema ) fracture breakdown of red blood cells rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver low oxygen levels in the blood worsening of the diabetic metabolic state sad mood ( depression ) low blood pressure inflammation of the blood vessels that can appear as small red or purple blood cells . if you notice any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , soreness of the lining of the inner wall of the cornea ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). hair loss ( alopecia ) swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) caused by a bacteria , phosphates in the centre of the iris and the cornea may be caused by an infection of the front part of the iris or cornea ( the clear layer of the iris and cornea ). blood test results . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . symptoms of inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ) have been reported during intake of treatment . if you experience an inflammation of the lining of the large bowel or the cornea has also been reported during treatment . cases of inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be associated with changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , soreness of the lining of the inner wall of the cornea ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) caused by a bacteria called clostridium difficile . blood test results showing ' antibodies ' used your doctor for any changes in your number of blood platelets . uncommon side effects these may affect up to 1 in 100 people : allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . symptoms of inflammation of the front of the large intestine ( cornea , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be palpable by your doctor ). if you receive erbitux in combination with other anticancer medicines , some of the side effects you may experience can also be related to this combination , including but you should consult your doctor before you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with ganfort . your doctor will instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with ganfort . your doctor will instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with ganfort . your doctor will instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with ganfort . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether phosphates has been stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with or after treatment has stopped . your doctor will instruct you how to treat any changes in your blood and urine tests . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is required . if you have symptoms of inflammation or inflammation of the lining of your intestine ( seen only in patients who have higher risk of blood clots ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . symptoms of inflammation of the front of the large intestine ( cornea , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) have been reported when used in combination with other medicinal agents . during or after 3 months of treatment , usually at the start of treatment , usually at the beginning of treatment , usually at least 3 months after starting treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : weakness , rapid breathing , a tight chest , fever or difficulty breathing ( signs of serious allergic reaction ) if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor as soon as possible . a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) feeling faint or a severe rash with whole - body inflammatory response , rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ) if you experience a cough , fever and serious deterioration of your general condition , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reactions which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reactions which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of serious upper face , mouth , tongue or throat and may cause symptoms such as pain , burning , burning , burning , burning , or pain . common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning , pain or burning sensation at the injection site , at the injection site , and feeling of warmth or numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site swelling and numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site warmth , numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site swelling and numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site burning and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site burning and numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site , injection site burning and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , injection site burning and numbness . common side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing . this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills or sore throat these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you get fever , chills , sore throat or coughing with your doctor . this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) in patients treated with fotivda are : - sick ( feeling sick ) - weight gain - weight gain - headache - dizziness - lack of energy ( lethargy ) - loss of sensation - numbness , pins and needles , lethargy , fast heart rate - tightness of the chest , coughing , cough - nose bleed , inflammation of the mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry skin , increased sweating , hair loss , dry skin , acne - itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , pain in the hand , hand and / or hand ( including hand and foot ) - hand and foot syndrome , such as flatulence or passing more urine than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , flatulence ( feeling or being sick ), dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry skin , increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , bone pain , hand and hand and hand pain , hand and foot pain in the hands or anus , especially in the hand and anus , when you stand up , your doctor may decide to keep you on closer observation or change your medicine . - flatulence ( feeling sick ) - weight gain - weight gain - headache - dizziness - lack of energy ( lethargy ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - heartburn - inflammation_of_the_mouth ( dry mouth ) - dry mouth - heartburn - dry mouth - increased sweating - generalised hair loss , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - itchy skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone or hand pain - hand and foot syndrome - hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone or hand pain - hand and foot syndrome : hand and foot syndrome - flatulence ( feeling sick ) - weight gain - weight gain - headache - dizziness - lack of energy ( lethargy ) - sensation of numbness or pins and needles - lethargy - fast heart beat - tightness of the hands and feet - heartburn - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - dry mouth - heartburn - dry mouth - increased sweating - itchy skin - skin reddening , dry skin - acne - dry skin - skin reddening or dry skin - acne - increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone or hand pain - hand and foot syndrome - hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone pain - hand and foot syndrome : hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone pain - hand and foot syndrome : hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone pain - hand and foot syndrome : hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone pain - hand and foot syndrome - hand and foot syndrome - flatulence , increased sweating - hair loss - acne - back pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - bone pain - hand and foot syndrome : hand and foot syndrome - flatulence
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; constipation ; dry mouth ; hair loss ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and toe ; and prolonged and / or painful erection . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and breasts ; and prolonged and / or painful erection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and upper respiratory infections - upper respiratory tract infection ( common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - painful and upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection - skin infection - redness , swelling or swollen and / or pain in the area around the mouth - constipation - abdominal pain - tooth problems uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - a small number of a type of white blood cell ( granulocytopaenia ) in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the inside of the leg ( diverticulitis ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - inflammation of the pancreas , which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the inside of the nose and / or throat ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the upper left part of the leg ( diverticulitis ) - swelling around the site of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( pericarditis ) - inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs which can lead to symptoms such as swelling of the retina at the back of the leg , which may be associated with some of the respiratory system ( e . g . swelling in the calves and ankles , which may be a symptom of sudden decrease of blood pressure ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your leg , as well as swelling of the inside of the leg , as there may be a problem with your spleen . talk to your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the upper respiratory tract common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection - fungal infections - skin infection - redness , swelling and swollen and / or pain in the joints - constipation - abdominal pain - tooth problems uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack and / or irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - blistering of the outer layer of the neck , which may cause swelling in the calves and leg ( diverticulitis ) - discharge , discharge , discharge , and neuritis ( a feeling of heaviness in the jaw ), which may travel through blood vessels to the heart muscle ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with prolia or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the upper respiratory tract common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection - skin infection - redness , swelling or swollen and / or pain in the joints - constipation - abdominal pain - tooth problems uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack and / or irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - blistering of the outer layer of the neck , which may cause swelling in the calves and leg ( diverticulitis ) - discharge , discharge , discharge , and neuritis ( a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , which may travel through blood vessels to the heart muscle ( see section 2 ) - if you do get some of these symptoms and tell your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the upper respiratory tract common side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions such as a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin pain or swelling of the face , face , chest or tongue which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin pain , redness , redness or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following : bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), red blood cells that can be a sign of a drop in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g ., meningitis ). your doctor will monitor your blood tests for any changes in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( e . g . meningitis and / or easy bruising ) or other signs of bleeding , including bruising , chills , feeling drowsy , tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice a severe allergic reaction or if you notice a skin pain , redness , redness or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following : bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising thrombocytopenia ( low red blood cell count ) that can be a sign of a drop in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( e . g ., meningitis ). if you have severe or persistent diarrhoea , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness that may be life - threatening . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given meningitis ). tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following signs : severe_headache bleeding , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction . if you notice a skin pain , redness , redness or stinging at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away , if you notice any of the following : bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising thrombocytopenia ( low red blood cell count ) that can be a sign of a drop in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood ( e . g . meningitis and / or a drop in the number of red blood cells ). meningitis , severe headache , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired , extreme weakness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice a skin rash or if the injection site gets worse , please tell your doctor or nurse . he / she may advise you to stop applying ambirix . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common : low blood pressure ( hypotension ), severe headache , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . these may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given meningitis ). tell your doctor right away if you have severe headache , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , severe itching or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more bexsero . tell your doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . difficulty in swallowing or breathing severe allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , or feeling faint ) severe skin reactions including itchy skin , peeling and swelling of the skin and / or swelling of the face , lips , limb or throat . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and contact your doctor immediately . see section 12 . injection site reactions ( e . g . injection_site ) at the injection site : hardness , redness of the skin at the injection site may occur . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and contact your doctor immediately . see section 12 . injection site reactions ( e . g . injection_site ) at the injection site : hardness , redness of the skin at the site of injection . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and contact your doctor immediately . see section 12 . injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin , blisters on the skin , which may cause blisters and swelling of the skin , which may cause blisters and swelling of the skin ). if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and contact your doctor immediately . see section 12 . injection site reactions ( e . g . injection_site ) at the injection site , hardness , redness of the skin at the injection site may occur . if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking bexsero and contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been reported with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , pain at the injection site hardness , hardness or tingling at the injection site hardness , hardness or pain at the injection site redness at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear within a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , pain at the injection site hardness , hardness or tingling at the injection site hardness , hardness or pain at the injection site redness at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site , such as loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of hands and feet feeling irritable . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reactions which may include fainting , feeling of elation , paleness , abnormal skin sensations , limb limb swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin rash , redness_of_the_skin on the limb or limb swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing , itchy skin or redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or around the limb , sometimes with limb feeling , feeling weak , generally feeling unwell and pain in the arms and legs 11 . the following side effects have been observed with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in arms and legs , pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the injection site , hardness or pain at the injection site , such as loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of hands , ankles or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reactions , including fainting , feeling of elation , paleness , abnormal skin sensations , limb limb swelling of the face , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin or around the limb , limb or limb , feeling of pressure , feeling generally unwell or pain in the arms and legs . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding and swelling most often in the hands and soles of the feet which may cause yellowing of the face and body , dark urine , muscle aches or pains , back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness , or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells that help blood to clot ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ), phlebitis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing ) blood clot in the lung blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ) certain types of lung disease have been reported during intake of docetaxel . however , it is not known whether adverse_reactions was the cause . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) and swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) and swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions , including phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation . you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - you may also have a reaction to your levels of your medicine . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - insomnia ( fast heart rate ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high_blood_pressure_(hypertension) ( high blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( flatulence ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , seek medical advice immediately . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in sense of taste - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain - liver problems not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - signs of low blood sugar , high blood pressure , flushing , wheezing , coughing , coughing and difficulty breathing - stomach stomach , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea or loss of appetite , - low level of sugar in the blood , high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the blood vessels in the kidneys . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( this may cause
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of adynovi is low red blood cell count ( low red blood cell count ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): if you have a serious allergic reaction , see your doctor straight away . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of severe allergic reaction . - if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure and / or fainting . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of fainting . in case of a severe allergic reaction , stop using adynovi and see a doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreases in blood cell counts ( allergic reaction ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in the number of blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ); uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ); uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ); uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - reduction in blood platelets ( hypersensitivity ); uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood platelet count . - allergic reaction ( e . g . hypersensitivity ). if you experience any of the symptoms listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , if you have fainting , you should contact your doctor immediately . - blood tests may show an increased level of sugar in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - symptoms of drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea , vomiting - diarrhoea , nausea , discomfort ( or stomach ache ) - diarrhoea ( fatigue ) - weight_gain ( tiredness ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : wheezing or coughing , difficulty in breathing ( symptoms of angioedema , which may be signs of angioedema , which may be life - threatening , coughing , wheezing , feeling weak or light headed ) fast heart beat if you notice any of the symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , upper respiratory tract infection , low level of white blood cells , or increased cough and a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which may lead to more frequent infections ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) runny or blocked nose inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( angioedema ) runny or blocked nose inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat inflammation of the nose and throat
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , problems with passing stools ( flatulence ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , dry mouth feeling or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort , dry skin , feeling bloated , flatulence ( flatulence ), wind ( flatulence ). liver failure . blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your feet which may be a sign of peripheral neuropathy ( build - up of fractures ). kidney failure . kidney problems including kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , and kidney failure , which may be a sign of liver problems ( hepatitis ). yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine or skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare ( may affect up to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , problems with passing stools ( flatulence ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , dry mouth feeling or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , problems with digestion resulting in discomfort , dry skin , feeling bloated , flatulence ( flatulence ), wind ( flatulence ). liver failure . blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your feet which may be a sign of peripheral neuropathy ( build - up of fractures ). kidney failure . kidney problems including kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , and kidney failure , which may be a sign of liver problems ( hepatitis ). yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine or skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what refludan is and what it is used for 2 . if you experience difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause nausea and abdominal pain - headache . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following difficulty breathing or a sudden drop in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . this could be a sign of sudden swelling of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , nausea and abdominal pain ) or headache . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or swelling ( malaise ) were reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions including allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ). allergic reactions ( miscarriage , swelling , swelling , and malaise ) headache . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ) nausea abdominal pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects if you have any of the following infusion - related side effects , you must stop taking blitzima and contact a doctor or nurse immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - if you have any of the following symptoms during your treatment with paracetamol , your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your paracetamol , stop taking paracetamol and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . keep your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these symptoms tend to occur when you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after you start taking paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . in addition to the above , when paracetamol is used alone , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 ): - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - neutropenia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - light - headedness - blurred vision . common side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people - serious infection with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue and / or nose and / or difficulty in swallowing . some side effects could be serious ( may show up in blood tests ) - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea , constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or nose - difficulty in swallowing . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - serious infection with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue and / or nose and difficulty breathing . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - blood tests may show a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( shown in blood tests ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash , rash , rash - chest tightness or difficulty breathing . very common side effects that may show up in blood tests are : - low white blood cells ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia ), headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the face , itching , rash , rash , rash chest tightness ( difficulty in breathing ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pneumonia ( symptoms of tiredness ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - blood tests may show low levels of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( blood_tests ) shown in blood tests - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea , constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or nose - difficulty in swallowing . some side effects could be serious . - blood tests may show : - a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( shown in blood tests ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea - constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or nose - stevens - johnson syndrome : liver rash with liver rash which may be a serious , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea - constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or nose - stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems with liver rash ). some side effects could be serious ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea - constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - liver failure . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . some
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the salivary glands ; allergic reactions ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; fainting ; swelling of the face ; blisters of the skin ; this_medicine ; fainting ; swelling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe fever or other signs of an infection caused by a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food medac can be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . - fever , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). - diarrhoea . - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in the number of fat in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment with fetcroja . - symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin - if you develop a serious allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in the number of your treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment with fetcroja . - symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin - if you develop a serious allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in the number of your treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment with fetcroja . - symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you other medicines to reduce the dose and / or discontinue treatment with fetcroja . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or any other symptoms such as : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in your liver function . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment with fetcroja . - symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin - if you develop a serious allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in your liver function . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation . your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts during and after treatment with fetcroja . - symptoms such as pain , swelling and redness in any part of your face,_throat_or_tongue , if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a severe rash with fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain . your doctor will do regular blood tests to check for any changes in your liver function . - if you have any of the following symptoms or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking , confusion or confusion . these disorders are usually reversible and last for a short time . your doctor will discuss you for these changes . blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness , blindness , blindness ; blindness ; blindness , blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness ; blindness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat skin rash , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cough blocked nose difficulty breathing cough or difficulty in breathing shortness of breath cough , coughing up blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tooth congestion runny nose sneezing sore throat , sneezing , runny nose runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or joints muscle cramps uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration runny nose sore throat sneezing sore throat , sneezing , sore throat cough , cough pain in joints or joints , muscle cramps uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sneezing sore throat , sneezing , sore throat cough , cough pain in muscles or joints , muscle cramps uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sore throat , sneezing , sore throat runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , sore throat pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , excess fluid in stomach or abdominal pain muscle cramps ( muscle cramps ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , sore throat pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , sore throat pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , ear pain pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or pain in the hands or feet ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing sore throat , runny nose , cough , sore throat itching of the chest pain in muscles or joints ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing sore throat , runny nose , cough , sore throat itching of the chest pain in muscles or joints ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose and sneezing sore throat , runny nose , cough , sore throat pain in chest or muscle , pain in joints or muscles muscle cramps . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps , bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps , bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection sore throat sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , ear pain pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or pain in the hands or feet ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose cough , cough pain in joints or muscles , muscle cramps or muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection runny nose , sneezing , sore
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); facial swelling ; cough ; facial swelling ; cough ; generalised swelling with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until swelling of the face ); swelling in the mouth ; vertigo ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until irregular heartbeat ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the head ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; combined ; itching ; itching ; blisters of the skin ; an allergic reaction ; if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when lamivudine bms is used together with lamivudine_teva , it is important to tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you do not feel well while you are taking lamivudine_teva . it is important to read the information in the patient alert card you have been given by your doctor . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of lamivudine '. it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether treatment with lamivudine bms to reduce the risk of pain , inflammation and inflammation . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes ( enzymes produced by the muscles ) increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes ( creatine kinase ), increased levels of enzymes produced by the muscles ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . these may be signs of inflammation or inflammation in the urinary tract . these can be seen in the results of blood and / or urine tests . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes in the number of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood . an increase in the level of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ). a decrease in the levels of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of muscles and creatine phosphokinase in your blood ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). an increase
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you may need to stop nespo . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms - either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ). the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits to reduce deposits . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits to reduce deposits . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects seen with other medicines for the treatment of deposits are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits to reduce deposits . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects seen with other medicines for the treatment of deposits are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits to reduce deposits . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects seen with other medicines for the treatment of deposits are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects that may occur with this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may recommend you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue deposits with you to reduce deposits . other side effects that may occur with this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from a few days after the medicine . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet which may be accompanied by burning sensation and pain ) and oedema ( swelling of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ). if you experience any of the above mentioned side effects stop taking digestive_enzymes and seek medical help immediately : - swelling of the face , lips , hands , feet and / or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) when you have had digestive_enzymes in combination with digestive_enzymes . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience any of these side effects , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your blood cell levels ( hypocalcaemia , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - headache , dizziness , nausea , dyspepsia , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , - low levels of sodium in the blood , - low levels of phosphate in the blood , - low levels of phosphate in the blood ( hypokalaemia ), - muscle pain , numbness , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness , tingling sensation or numbness ). - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - allergic reactions including cough , swollen mouth , cough , swollen tongue or difficulty with breathing . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of certain blood problems ( e . g . abnormal blood clotting , hypocalcaemia ) - heart failure , heart attack , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of coma ( very common side effect ) and may affect more than 1 in 100 people . stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , tiredness , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , lipase levels ( triglycerides ), triglycerides ( bilirubin ), lipase , lipase and / or lipase - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase and triglycerides ), alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) levels : - lipase and / or bilirubin ( ast ), alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) levels : - lipase and / or triglycerides ( ast ), alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( triglycerides ), bilirubin , lipase - lipase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( bilirubin ), bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase - creatine phosphokinase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( triglycerides ) - bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase - creatine phosphokinase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( triglycerides ) - bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase - creatine phosphokinase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( triglycerides ) - bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase - creatine phosphokinase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) - triglycerides ( triglycerides ) - bilirubin , bilirubin , lipase - creatine phosphokinase - lipase - triglycerides ( triglycerides ) - triglycerides ( bilirubin , lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides ) - triglycerides ( bilirubin ), lipase and / or lipase - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides ) - changes in blood test ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) - changes in blood test ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) - changes in blood test results for lipase ( triglycerides ) - triglycerides ( bilirubin ), bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase ) - high blood levels of lipase ( a substance produced by the liver : lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in enzymes called alkaline phosphatase ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin ) - increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain enzymes ( lipase and / or bilirubin ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of enzymes ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of lipase ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of lipase ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of lipase ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of enzymes ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of enzymes ( lipase and triglycerides ), - an increase in the level of lipase ( lipase and / or amylase ), - an increase in the level of enzymes ( creatine phosphokinase ), - an increase in the level of lipase ( triglycerides ), - triglycerides ( bilirubin
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking lactic_acid and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , swelling of the face , lips , face , face or mouth ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . - chest pain , shortness of breath , waking up short of breath , coughing up of blood , tired or generally feeling tired or faint - these may be signs of a drop in blood pressure . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - feeling of pressure in the hands and feet ( oedema ) - cough - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - increase in blood cholesterol ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increases in red blood cells (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); 1 . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; cough ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; this_medicine ; localised swelling of the eye ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sensation of the head ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; lupus - like
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness ( feeling of being sick ), vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea 28 the most frequently reported side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) rash , swelling , sometimes of the skin including difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , and / or throat irritation 28 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vaginal irritation , chest pain , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), slow heart rate ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) heart attack ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an interruption of the heart ' s electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) heart failure electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) heart failure electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) heart rhythm disorder electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) a heart attack ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation an abnormal heart trace ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) an increase in electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in severe cases , sudden onset of severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur , with symptoms such as severe swelling of the skin , blistering of the lips , eyes , eyes or mouth , fever , seizures , stroke or other signs of severe allergic reaction ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection , which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection , which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - serious skin reactions - severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - a severe skin reaction with blistering of the skin , mouth , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 1 in 10 , the other side effects of this medicine are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects of viagra may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects of viagra may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - hot flushes - itching ( pruritus ) - flushing ( pruritus ) - feeling weak or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - indigestion - colour tinge to vision - blurred vision - visual disturbance ( stuffy nose ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision - visual disturbance , stuffy eyes , stuffy nose - inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , stroke - visual disturbances - blurred vision - vision disturbance - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , visual loss or blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , visual loss or blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , visual loss or blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - urinary tract infection - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - indigestion , heartburn - inability to sleep ( insomnia ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - upper respiratory tract infection with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , visual loss or blurred vision - blurred vision - visual impairment - stuffy nose - inflammation of the sinuses with symptoms such as heartburn and heartburn , stroke - visual disturbances - seeing or hearing things that are not there - heart problems which can cause heart attack , irregular heartbeat , or irregular heartbeat - symptoms of fluid retention in the face and other parts of the eyes and genitals ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects are : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or difficulty in breathing . these could be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - if you are concerned about any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the effects of this medicine are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sinus_headache ( difficulty sleeping ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - abnormal taste in the eye - itching of the eye - abnormal blood test results uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye irritation - eye irritation - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - raised or itchy nose - raised calcium in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye irritation - eye irritation - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - raised red bumps on the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye irritation - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye irritation - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - sensitivity to light - ringing in the ears , blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - taste disturbance uncommon side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , hives and / or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain or eye pain unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects include : - headache - hives - swelling of the face and throat - hives - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - eye pain - eye pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision - pain and difficulty in passing urine - leakage of urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms include : sudden wheezing , chest pain , chest pain and low blood pressure . these symptoms may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , ear infection , ear infection , low blood pressure , dizziness , low blood pressure , changes in blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of face , tongue or throat , chest tightness , cough , fever ( signs of heart problems ) low blood pressure rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( angioedema ) fever , chest pain or heart problems rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( angioedema ) fever ( high temperature ) and urinary tract infection rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing , drop in blood pressure , cough , low blood pressure or heart rhythm disturbances . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( cough ) low level of sodium in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or cough or breathing difficulties ( cough ) low level of potassium in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( angioedema ) heart attack or cough , low blood pressure symptoms such as pain and discomfort or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes ( jaundice ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection low level of red blood cells serious allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face or throat and serious allergic reactions which causes symptoms such as fever , sore throat or a drop in blood pressure ( hypertension ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( cough ) low level of sodium in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing 60 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low blood pressure ( urinary tract infection ) symptoms of pain and discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area of the upper stomach or bowel problems such as discomfort or urinary tract infection low level of sodium in the blood . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( cough ) low level of sodium in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing 60 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection , such as pain and discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area yellowing of the skin or the white part of the eyes ( jaundice ) urinary tract infection low level of sodium in blood low level of sodium in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions with symptoms such as pain and discomfort in the upper right area
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects - ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects , may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back swelling , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), decreased appetite , decreased appetite , vomiting , nausea ( constipation ), diarrhoea , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), decreased appetite , decreased appetite , vomiting , nausea ( constipation ), constipation , increased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more palforzia . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following : - allergic reactions , which may very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting - diarrhoea , stomach pain , severe constipation , pain or pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach pain , or abdominal pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - stomach pain , - severe diarrhoea , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - pain in your stomach or abdomen , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , - stomach pain , - throat_tightness ( stomach pain , - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - indigestion , - stomach pain , - pain in your stomach or throat , - pain in your stomach or abdomen , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , - pain or pain in your stomach or stomach , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - diarrhoea , stomach pain , - inflamed stomach or mouth , pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - itching_of_the_skin stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - pain in the stomach or abdomen , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , - itching of the skin , - pain or pain in your stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach ache , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - itching_of_the_skin stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - pain in the stomach or stomach , - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - itching_of_the_skin stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - pain in the stomach or abdomen , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach ache , - itching of the skin , - pain or stomach pain , stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - itching_of_the_skin stomach pain , - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), - pain in the stomach or abdomen , stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness ( stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to a serious condition . if you have a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . allergic reactions may include a rash , itching , or a swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . liver problems if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system 36 listed in extremities . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
