like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of incivo alone are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the site of injection ; inflammation of the lining of the nose ; inflammation of the sinuses ; reduced number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , fatigue , fever , fatigue and decreased number of blood platelets . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding from the nose ( stomatitis ) reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) characterised by tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , fatigue , fever , fatigue and decreased number of blood platelets . your doctor will tell you what to do if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu-like_symptoms , tiredness , fatigue , fever ( high blood pressure ) fever , fatigue , fatigue of the skin ( hives ) changes in your blood cell count ( anaemia ), which may be a sign of low level of red blood cells ( anaemia aggravated ), in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , fatigue , inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and / or fluid in the lungs . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , flu-like_symptoms , tiredness ( fatigue ) infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) changes in your blood cell counts ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , weakness , shortness of breath , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , fatigue , inflammation of the skin , hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : bleeding in the brain or inside the skull ( mucosal bleeding ) reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and / or fainting low blood pressure . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and / or fluid in the lungs high blood pressure ( hypertension ) tiredness , fatigue , inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) changes in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) rash , itching of the skin ( hives ) and urticaria . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) bleeding : bleeding in the nose or throat decreased number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) low numbers of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ), low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and rapid pulse . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the above . very common side effects ( may affect more than
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital if you have any of the following serious side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported with death . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - sudden , feel light - headed or hopeless or hopeless - these may be signs of liver problems - liver problems itchy or itchy skin ( lymphadenopathy ) - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( rhinitis ) - dark coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ) - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( rhinitis ) - pale coloured stools ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) - feeling weak ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ) - colds ( runny nose ) - sore throat ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - bronchitis ( runny nose ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( signs include sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) - runny nose ( sore throat ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( bronchitis ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1,000 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1,000 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects ( likely to occur in fewer than 1 in 10 patients ) and uncommon ( less than 1 in 1 , 000 patients ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : common reported side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data using this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens , it is important that you always contact your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and may lead to hypoglycaemia . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , or a sweating , or a fast heart beat , feeling dizzy or light - headed , which may be signs of a liver problem called hypoglycaemia ( hypoglycaemia ). the most frequently reported side effect is hypoglycaemia . this is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you get symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or other parts of your swelling_of_the_skin , as they may be signs of a possible liver problem . this is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , or skin rash ) abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes a increase in the level of liver enzymes in your blood , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) acute_coronary_syndrome very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pneumonia headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the liver ( pneumonia ) increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) symptoms of rash , itchy skin rash , rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid breathing , feeling dizzy , sweating , skin rash , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes in a blood test , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the liver . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): acute_coronary_syndrome other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the liver . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): infection of the liver . increased liver enzymes in the blood . very rare : decreased vitamin b12 levels . increased liver enzymes in your blood . abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . abnormal liver function tests . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) rash , itchy skin , reddening of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , sweating , rapid breathing , feeling dizzy , sweating , skin rash , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes in a blood test , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000
like all medicines , pumarix can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to shock . doctors should be aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . skin reactions such as hives ( urticaria ), itching , swelling or bleeding in the affected area of the hand or the hand ( hand - foot ) into the hand , hand and hand into the hand into the hand or hand ( hand - hand ) into the hand , hand or hand into the hand and around the hand into the hand at the site of the hand at the site of injection . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or nurse . 4 . possible side effects like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your hand with or without hives ( urticaria ), itching , swelling or non - like hand or swelling in the area around the hand or hands , hand , hand , and abdomen . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , itching , difficulty breathing or symptoms , such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause symptoms such as swelling , stinging or stinging at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : signs of pain , swelling , palms or palms ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite ( anorexia ), lack of energy ( asthenia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) weight loss ( alopecia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) weight loss ( alopecia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) weight loss ( alopecia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) changes in blood test results ( e . g . abnormal blood clotting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): unusual bleeding or bruising , increased bruising , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite ( anorexia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) dizziness , irritability lack of energy ( asthenia ) serious infection ( symptoms include : bruising and swelling of the palms of the palms of the hands or soles of the soles of the feet ), fluid around the lungs ( pleural effusion ) fluid collection in the kidneys uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , inflammation of the bladder ( pneumonitis ) increased liver enzymes in the blood 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , epistaxis) sensation ( vertigo ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ) 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , epistaxis) sensation ( vertigo ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ) 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ), enlargement of the liver , enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ) 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( peripheral oedema ), breakdown of blood cells ( myelodysplastic syndrome ) 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ), enlargement of the liver , increase in blood pressure . 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness , abnormal taste ( dysgeusia ). increased blood platelet count . 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . dizziness . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased liver enzymes seen in blood tests . 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop tightness in your chest or chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , if you develop tightness in your chest or chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you experience tightness in your chest or chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you develop tightness in your chest or chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you experience tightness in your chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , if you notice any of the above , contact your doctor straight away . tightness of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction may include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction may be life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory infections - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - headache - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 pain_at_the_injection_site - injection site reactions ( including skin rash ) - hives ( difficulty in breathing and swallowing ) - severe swelling of the skin and skin rash other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) - headache - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and / or throat - swelling in the hands and feet . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - allergic skin reactions including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in limb ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and / or throat - swelling of the face and other parts of the body and skin rash other side effects some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in limb ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . some side effects can be serious . if you get some side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light -
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when thorinane is given together with thorinane , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by thorinane or by other medicines that you are taking at the same
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): lack of interest , swinging vision , swinging vision , flashes of light sensitivity , watery eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , small red spots on the skin , small particles spots on the skin , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the skin , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the skin , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , visual brightness , painful red eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , visual brightness , painful red eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , visual brightness , painful red eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , small particles spots on the skin , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , visual brightness , painful red eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , small particles spots on the skin , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , visual brightness , painful red eyes , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the eye , painful flashes or light sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , fluid retention , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , fluid retention , small red spots on the skin , small particles or spots in your vision , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the middle ear , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the middle ear , fluid around the ear , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye , fluid collection in the eye , fluid around the ear , small blood vessels in the lung , fluid collection in the eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have experienced the following side effects during clinical studies while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine . side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - elevated levels of some blood cells . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 33 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections ( which can cause visual disturbances , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ) headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , loose stools , decreased appetite , indigestion , passing gas , decreased appetite , indigestion , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , indigestion , feeling drowsy , bloating , loose stools , hair loss , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), nail disorder , nail disorder , nail disorder increased hair loss , nail disorder abnormal hair growth . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells called platelets , a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) and a type of white blood cell ( granulocytopaenia ) which can be severe and life threatening . decreased levels of sodium in the blood , decreased appetite , hallucination , hallucination , decreased mood , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , change in eye movement , mental status changes , memory impairment , memory impairment , difficulty in speaking , problems with speech or loss of hearing , abnormal eye sensation , reduced or increased eye pressure , asthma , asthma , burning sensation on one side of the limb , hair loss , acne , increased sweating , pain in arms or legs , back pain , fever , weakness , collection of fluid in the extremities , pain in arms or legs , fluid retention , fever , collection of fluid in the extremities , pain in arms or legs , fluid retention , fever , collection of fluid in the face and pain , hair loss , pain , acne , loss of pain , pain in arms or legs , facial pain , fever , weakness , collection of fluid in your body , pain in arms or legs , lack of energy , fever , weakness , collection of fluid in your body , pain in arms or legs , fluid retention , fever , actinic keratosis , pain , increased sensitivity to heat , pain , pain in extremity , pain in extremity , arms or legs , joint pain , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain in arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs , fever , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain , pain in extremity , arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain in arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain in arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , fever , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , fever , weakness , pain or pain in the arms or legs , pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in the arms and legs , or pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction , seen with unknown shock ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( seen rarely ) with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by blisters and erosions in the mouth . as well as localised swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients taking ciambra . if you notice any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking ciambra and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , swelling , face or face , chest tightness , wheezing , shortness of breath , an_allergic_reaction , or an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face , face or throat chest tightness ; feeling faint . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain , muscle pain or tenderness , back pain feeling unwell . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or feeling_unwell back pain , feeling cold . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or feeling_unwell back pain , feeling cold . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain feeling unwell . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain feeling unwell . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure , dizziness , disturbances in consciousness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , tongue or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure , dizziness , disturbances in consciousness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , tongue or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure , dizziness , disturbances in consciousness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , tongue or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , increased pressure in the chest , dizziness , faster heartbeat , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions - the signs may include : - a fever , fever , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing - you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your a_skin_rash ) and during the first few hours after the start of the treatment . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . - sudden onset of blisters and / or peeling of the skin , with a painful skin rash with blisters and peeling skin , with fever , chest pain , fever , breathing difficulties or a drop in blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ), or fluid in the lungs , leading to loss_of_consciousness or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to placebo . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - stroke , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , uncontrollable bruising , visual loss and confusion ( hallucinations ), as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas . - if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking rasagiline_mylan and tell your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - the frequency of melanoma side effects is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - nausea ( feeling hot ), decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased sexual desire - decreased appetite - changes in liver function tests ( melanoma ) - lung infection - melanoma ( lung infection ) - melanoma - lung infection - melanoma ( lung infection ) - melanoma - lung infection ( melanoma ) - lung infection - hallucinations - confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests ( melanoma ) - skin cancer ( melanoma ) - blood disorders including hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests , melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) - blood disorders including hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine levels ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of melanoma ( a type of melanoma ) - hallucinations - confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - cases of confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting and type of melanoma ( a type of white blood cell ) - hallucinations - confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests ( melanoma ) - skin cancer ( melanoma ) - kidney failure - hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests ( increased blood creatinine levels ) - melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the lung ( hallucinations ) - blood clot in small blood vessels ( hallucinations ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - cases of confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting and type of melanoma ( a type of white blood cell ) - melanoma - blood clots in lung blood vessels ( hallucinations ) - confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests , melanoma - skin cancer ( melanoma ) - blood disorders ( hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or swelling ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting ), nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , bloating , wind ( flatulence ), mouth ulcers , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the legs or arms , redness of the eyelid ( influenza ), decreased level of red blood cells ( e . g . influenza or upper respiratory infections , decreased number of red blood cells ), pneumonia ( lung infection ), pneumonia , fungal infections , pneumonia , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , pneumonia , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience weakness , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , or feeling faint , or less consciousness , low blood pressure ( forgetfulness , feeling lightheaded or low blood pressure ), high blood pressure , changes in heart beat ( angina ), low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleed , stuffy or stuffy nose , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( passing_wind ), bloating , constipation , dry skin , protein in the urine , protein in the urine , abnormal urine colour , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach discomfort , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , changes in colour of the skin , abnormal sensation in the eye , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach discomfort , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , changes in colour of the skin , abnormal sensation in the eye , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , changes in colour of the skin , small red bumps on the skin , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach discomfort , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , changes in colour of the skin , abnormal sensation in the eye , weakness , feeling hot , or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty tissue on the skin , increased sensitivity to bruise on the skin , eye swelling , tremors , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty area on the skin , small red bumps on the skin , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty area on the skin , small red bumps on the skin , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty area on the skin , small red bumps on the skin , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty area on the skin , small red bumps on the skin , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal sensation in the eye , weakness , feeling hot , or low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty tissue on the skin , increased sensitivity to bruise , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , feeling of happiness , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , nasal congestion , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty tissue on the skin , increased sensitivity to bruise , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , feeling hot , anxiety , mood swings , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose ( gastritis ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling bloated , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain or shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis . - if you experience chest pain , chest pain , discomfort or peeling of the body , peeling or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reactions with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red or purple spots on the body , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reactions with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin - peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin worsening of stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort , red spots on the skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in in in in treatment ) blood clots in the veins ( symptoms include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , bluish skin , peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in in in in treatment ) blood clots in the veins ( symptoms include : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . your doctor will decide if and when you are using axumin . if you experience any of the following side effects , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following side effects . between clinical studies and post - marketing experience , the following side effects have been observed with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : a reduction in the number of cancer involved in blood clotting . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . in general , these side effects may occur , and the use of blood clots in the blood to clot . this is more likely to happen in patients with kidney disease , but there have been a few reports in patients without any existing liver disease . if this happens , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the above . the risk of this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , small red spots on the surface of the eyes , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , feeling drowsy , blurred vision , eye redness , change in bowel habit , eye_swelling , swelling_around_the_eye visual field , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus congestion , sinus infection , decreased sharpness of red blood cells ( e . g . redness_of_the_eye ), runny nose , nose bleed , hair loss , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , back pain , urinary tract infection , inability to obtain or maintain an erection , changes in eyesight including asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , tooth disorder , sinus infection , decreased sharpness of red blood cells ( decreased ability to fight ability to bleed ), decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling nervous , nervousness , irritability , feeling disorientated , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare ( fits ), ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or having blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , eye disorder , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , decreased sharpness of red blood cells ( decreased ability to fight ability to bleed ), redness_of_the_eye , ringing in the ears , feeling nervous , nervousness , irritability , feeling disorientated , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling nervous , nervousness , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , decreased sharpness of vision , ringing in the ears ( asthma ), runny nose , runny nose , hair loss , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , urinary incontinence , inability to urinate during the night , increased sensitivity to touch , decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or nervousness , irritability , mood swings , difficulty finding words , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or having blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , eye disorder , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , sinus infection , sinus infection , decreased libido , bleeding in the eye or eye , ringing in the ears , feeling hot , nervousness , irritability , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), seen in patients receiving forxiga alone the most common low blood sugar may occur ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) with fever , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling drowsy , feeling hungry , feeling restless and less hungry . these may be signs of a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other common cold low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . drink alcohol ( see section 2 ). warning signs of low blood sugar : headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling drowsy , feeling hungry , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , feeling nervous , problems with your heartbeat ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). warning signs of low blood sugar : headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , headache , changes in heart rhythm , feeling hungry or having low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include dizziness , feeling dizzy , shaking , feeling drowsy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat and feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include dizziness , feeling sleepy , shaking , feeling drowsy , being very sleepy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry or having low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include dizziness , feeling dizzy , shaking , feeling drowsy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat and feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or other high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . warning signs of low blood sugar may include : fever , sweating , feeling very anxious , headache , changes in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the above signs or signs of low blood sugar : fever , sweating , feeling very anxious , headache , changes in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the above signs . urinary tract infection , seen commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of low blood sugar : headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat and feeling dizzy . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , feeling hot , lack of motivation , difficulty in sleeping , chest pain , chest discomfort , chest discomfort , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the injection site . hair loss , burning , pain or inflammation in the joints . infection : fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , decreased appetite . increased cholesterol in the blood , decreased or increased skin sensitivity , infection , fever , chills , shivering , drowsiness , sleepiness , blurred vision , eye pain , burning , pricking or pricking , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye pain , chest pain , ears_ringing , watery eyes / red eyes , nosebleed , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , stomach pain , indigestion , throat irritation , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , painful mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , dry mouth , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , painful mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , dry mouth , dry mouth , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , painful mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , mouth pain , hair loss , indigestion , mouth sores , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , indigestion , mouth pain , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - tingling or discomfort in hands and feet - blocked nose - blocked nose common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - dizziness - feeling hot - blocked nose ( sinus congestion ) - cold throat ( sinus congestion ) - runny nose - discomfort or skin irritation , skin redness , acne - hair loss , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . contact your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , or a severe allergic reaction which may include symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction or chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sores ( abdominal ) pain , pain , swelling , redness , peeling or swelling around the area of your stomach or stomach if you have pain , swelling , redness , peeling or swelling around the area of your stomach , stomach or gut , or increase in oxygen colour some patients have had a decrease in the numbers of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , you will have to take regular blood tests before and during your treatment with bevacizumab , and you should tell your doctor if you experience such symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low level of platelets in the blood , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , sores in the stomach , stomach or stomach problems , stomach or gut problems , decrease in the number of oxygen in your blood ( anaemia ), or in the number of platelets in your blood , high blood pressure , energy , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) decreased levels of red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) 69 high blood pressure , low blood pressure , energy , muscle cramps , urinary tract infection , ringing in the ears , ear pain , shortness of breath , high or low blood pressure , fluid in the lungs fluid in the lungs , ear pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in urine and blood clot in the lung or lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , cold sores ( extremities ), blood in the urine , changes in kidneys including fistula : fistula ( abnormal protein in the urine ), fistula : high blood pressure , low blood pressure , energy , muscle cramps , urinary retention , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , shortness of breath , collection of fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs or lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , fluid in the lungs , blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , cold sores ( extremities ), blood in the urine , changes in kidneys including fistula : fistula ( abnormal protein in the urine ), fistula : high blood pressure , low blood pressure , energy , muscle cramps , urinary incontinence ( blockage in blood vessels in the heart vessels ) in the lungs , chest pain , shortness of breath , presence of fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - symptoms include : - difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms after taking tecartus : - fever , chills , warm , warm , confusion , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , difficulty speaking , impaired consciousness , mental status changes , agitation , confusion , lightheadedness or disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , mental status changes , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation or loss of consciousness , high blood pressure , changes in mood or behaviour , mental status changes , mood disorder , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in mental status or behaviour , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation or loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood or behaviour , impaired mood , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood or behaviour , altered mood , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in eyesight , dizziness , lightheadedness , or consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in eyesight , agitation , lightheadedness , or loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rhythm disorder , difficulty speaking or understanding , dizziness , lightheadedness , or consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness of hands , feet or feet , dizziness , lightheadedness , or loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rhythm disorder , difficulty speaking or understanding , dizziness , lightheadedness or light - headedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in eyesight , agitation , lightheadedness , or consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in eyesight , dizziness , lightheadedness , or consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , lightheadedness or disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , high or low blood pressure , feeling of coldness , change in eyesight , dizziness , lightheadedness , or consciousness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mood changes , mood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). sitagliptin may cause a severe allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / peeling skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( nausea , vomiting , vomiting ) - severe kidney impairment ( pancreatitis ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - taking pioglitazone and / or insulin . - signs of low blood sugar : - headache , visual disturbances , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or respiratory eye - dizziness , headache , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache , dry mouth , rash - increased sweating . - kidney problems including kidney failure with dialysis . - joint pain with back pain , muscle pain and discomfort in the arms and legs . frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data in patients taking sitagliptin . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - low blood sugar , such as nausea or vomiting , - hives , - swelling of the face , - muscle pain , - feeling of heaviness or pain in your arms or legs . - frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - rash , itching , - hives , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following weight changes : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - nausea - vomiting - severe kidney impairment ( pancreatitis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , headache , altered respiratory ability , stuffy or blocked nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or respiratory pain , dizziness , headache , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache , dry mouth - rash , increased sweating . - kidney problems including kidney failure and dialysis . - joint pain with back pain , muscle pain and discomfort in the arms or legs . frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data in patients taking sitagliptin . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash , hives , hives , swelling of the skin and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - nausea - vomiting - severe kidney impairment ( pancreatitis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( insulin ). - low blood sugar , such as headache , altered respiratory function , stuffy or runny nose and sore throat , osteoarthritis , arm or respiratory pain , dizziness , headache , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache , dry mouth - rash , increased sweating . - kidney problems including kidney failure and dialysis . - joint pain with back pain , muscle pain . - muscle pain . - muscle pain . - muscle pain . - back pain . - muscle pain . - back pain . - muscle pain . - painful erection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( death ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than serious_hypoglycaemia in a low blood sugar ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may pass out ( become too low blood sugar ). let your blood sugar level and test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones . get medical help straight away . b . hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if your blood sugar level falls too low , you may pass out ( become too low blood sugar ). let your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are not treated for recognising your warning symptoms , avoid situations , e . g . driving a car , in which you or others would be put at risk by hypoglycaemia . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) and low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you develop a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other flu - like symptoms , e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . additional side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ), stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion - diarrhoea , stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking orkambi and contact a doctor immediately : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , redness , redness or eyes of the skin , contact your doctor immediately . - rash or shortness of breath - cough - abdominal pain - abnormal blood tests showing increased liver enzymes in your blood - hair loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - acute respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain ( pneumonia ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - cough ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal_pain ( blocked nose ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal_pain ( blocked nose ) - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal_pain ( blocked nose ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal_pain ( blocked nose ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( stuffy or runny nose ) - cough - shortness of breath - cough - blocked or runny nose - abdominal pain ( stomatitis ) - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include difficulty breathing , swallowing or breathing problems , which are signs of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are a sign of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid pulse , dizziness or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , rapid pulse , dizziness or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , rapid pulse , dizziness or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very hungry , fast heart beat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , rapid pulse , dizziness or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid pulse , dizziness or other signs of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid breathing , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling , redness , swelling or shivering ( signs of feeling sick , vomiting , fever , sweating , shivering , dizziness or restlessness ). these symptoms may be symptoms of heart attack , slow heart rate , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , fast heart beat low blood pressure , low blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - temporary loss of consciousness ( pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , irritation , bruising or bruising ) at the injection site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - loss of consciousness ( ohss ) - pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , irritation or bruising . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - pulmonary arterial hypertension : a disease of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the lungs resulting in high blood pressure in the blood vessels that carry blood from the heart to the lungs . this may occur rarely ( may affect up to the_ovaries in 2 people ) the symptoms are : - blood clots in the veins ( an deep vein thrombosis ) see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 for signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 2 in 2 people . your doctor will tell you how to treat a allergic reaction . this is a rare side effect and may affect up to 2 in 2 people . the most frequent side effect is ohss which may occasionally be severe tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 2 in 2 people . - symptoms of low blood pressure ( ohss ) is a very rare side effect but it may become severe and could lead to ohss . contact your doctor if you have a sign of liver problems ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '). this side effect is common ( may affect up to the_ovaries in 2 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking this medicine and see a doctor immediately . - signs and symptoms of liver problems ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '). this side effect is common ( may affect up to the_ovaries in 2 women ). - symptoms of low blood pressure ( ohss ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than the_ovaries in a few days . this is a common side effect and may affect up to 2 in 2 people . the most frequent side effect is the_symptoms ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). this means it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( an deep vein thrombosis ) see section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 for more information and what to do if you experience symptoms of urinary tract infection ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions '). this side effect is common ( may affect up to 2 in 2 people ). a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( ohss ). this is a build up of fluid within the ovaries causing an irregular heart beat and could be life - threatening . it may affect up to the_ovaries in a few days . this is a condition known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' and can lead to symptoms such as : - liver problems ( sometimes requiring 2 ) and a small reduction in the numbers of blood platelets ( ohss ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 2 in 2 people . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious allergic reaction ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 2 in 2 people . your doctor may consider a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . see section 2 " warnings and precautions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : allergic skin reactions : rash , red skin , hives , breathing difficulties ( signs of a high blood pressure ) severe fainting , fainting or seizures ( fits ) or sudden loss of consciousness severe skin reactions ( e . g . skin rashes , red skin , blisters on the lips , eyes , mouth or genitals ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : swelling where the injection site : itching , pain , swelling and / or fluid in the throat . local reactions at the injection site ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , skin_hardness ) injection site reactions ( including warmth , swelling , warmth , or warmth at the injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , or warmth at injection site ). injection site reactions ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth or warmth ) at the injection site extending to more than 17 cm and lasting an injection site . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the injection site reactions including warmth , warmth , warmth , redness or warmth ( exfoliative dermatitis ) where the injection was given ( such as warmth , swelling , warmth , skin_hardness ) injection site reactions ( including injection site swelling , swelling , and redness ) at the injection site extending to more than 17 cm and lasting more than one week ( injection site cellulitis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): redness , swelling or warmth , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as pain , swelling , warmth , redness , warmth or warmth ) at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks of bondronat . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , swelling or your_eyes on the limbs or in the hands or feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether fluid-filled_sac_in_the_kidney must be stopped . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - absence of menstrual periods common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - hypertension ( low level of oxygen in the blood ) - low potassium levels in the blood ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling dizzy ( somnolence ) - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - mouth inflammation ( candida infection ) - infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - joint stiffness - discharge ( arthritis ) - pain in the arms and legs - joint stiffness - discharge ( arthritis ) - excess of fluid in the tissues ( oedema ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - bone or bone marrow disorder ( cystitis ) - feeling anxious , emotional instability , or mood swings - loss of interest or co - ordination - tingling sensation ( pins and needles ) - pain in the arms and legs ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand - foot syndrome ) - urinary urgency - loss of interest or co - ordination , feeling anxious , lack of interest or co - ordination , lack of interest or emotion - loss of interest or co - ordination , balance disorder - loss of interest or co - ordination , lack of interest or emotion - loss of interest or co - ordination , lack of interest or emotion - loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - loss of interest or co - ordination , lack of interest or emotion - loss of interest or co - ordination , feeling anxious or lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; balance disorder ; loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; balance disorder ; loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; mood changes or loss of hearing ; - loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - loss of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; balance disorder ; loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - loss of sexual desire ( dehydration ) - lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; mood changes or loss of hearing ; - loss of consciousness ; lump in the eye ; - swelling of your face , hands , feet and ankles ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand - foot syndrome ) - stiffness in the limbs - feeling anxious ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; lack of interest or co - ordination ; balance disorder ; lack of co - ordination ; balance disorder ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects shown in blood tests : - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - liver enzymes - blurred blood tests for liver function - blurred vision , or other types of viruses - viruses and / or sudden drop in blood pressure , which may cause difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - blurred vision , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( macular_oedema ) - slow heartbeat ( bradycardia ) - changes in vision , including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes ( visual impairment ) - blurred vision , sensitivity to light ( photophobia ) - changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , rapid drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes ( visual impairment ) - blurred vision , sensitivity to light , changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness ) and breathlessness , rapid heartbeat , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision changes , vision blurred , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision changes , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , collection of fluid in your vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision changes , vision blurred , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky movements , often with breathlessness , breathlessness , chest tightness , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision abnormalities , vision blurred , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision changes , vision abnormalities , eye sensitivity to light , macular oedema ) and sudden changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision blurred , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision changes , vision abnormalities , eye sensitivity to light , macular oedema ) and sudden changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision blurred , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , collection of fluid in your chest , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , visual disturbances , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , breathlessness , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , breathlessness , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears - blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision and increased sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness ), breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision blurred , vision changes , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , collection of fluid in your chest , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , visual disturbances , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , breathlessness , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , breathlessness , breathlessness , irregular heartbeat , blurred vision , visual disturbance , vision disorder , visual impairment , ringing in the ears - blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( macular_oedema ), ringing in the ears - breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes , vision blurred , eye sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking temybric_ellipta if you develop any of the following symptoms : wheezing or serious breathing difficulties if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or other breathing problems , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( copd ). this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in patients taking temybric_ellipta . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , fever , chills or other signs of an inflamed condition ( respiratory tract infection , ( see section 2 ). the symptoms of low blood sugar may include : fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection , respiratory tract infections and herpes infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( lung infection ) pneumonia ( lung infection ) signs of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) fever , chills , upper respiratory tract infection ( respiratory tract infection ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) joint pain back pain and joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection of the throat ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection of the throat ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infection of the lungs ( bronchitis ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection of the throat ( thrush ) infection of the lungs ( thrush ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection ( bladder infection ) cough joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection breast pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection breast pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection breast pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) infection of the nose and throat ( oropharyngeal infection ) ear infection bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or in the urine ( proteinuria ) joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zinforo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swollen legs ( at the beginning of the treatment ) itching , hives , swelling , irritation , bruising , swelling or sores in your mouth feeling sick , nausea and / or being sick ( vomiting ). severe stomach pain or pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) severe stomach pain if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking zinforo and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects the following side effects have been reported with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain changes in the levels of some liver enzymes called alanine aminotransferase , creatinine or creatinine in the blood decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the number of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may increase the risk of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of some liver enzymes called creatinine ( creatinine ) which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may be a sign of leucopenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood called creatinine and creatinine ) shown in blood tests increase in the level of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get a doctor ' s help straight away allergic reactions to pregabalin_pfizer are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), difficulty in breathing , blisters of the skin ( keratitis ), a widespread rash with rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be the signs of an inflamed pancreas ( breast_growth_in_males ) and yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). hand and foot skin - reaction can lead to loss of fingerprint , which could impact your identification by fingerprint scan . in addition to the above , when a_serious_skin_reaction is used alone , very rare : may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . signs include blisters , itchiness , pain , itchiness , burning pain and pain in the limbs , back pain , joint pain , painful joints , incontinence ( weakness , thirst , feeling cold ) low blood pressure , high heart rate , changes in heart beat , heart failure . chest pain , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , and trouble in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , and trouble in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , and trouble in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , or chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing , cough , difficulty breathing , chest tightness , chest tightness , increased heart rate , difficulty in breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by xadago or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . even patients with xadago may be life threatening and include diabetes , have been reported in patients treated with levodopa . signs and symptoms include : - becoming very wheezy , high blood pressure , clumsiness , insomnia , - changes in vision , - light - headedness , - fast heartbeat , - high blood pressure and hypotension ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood ). you should stop taking levodopa and call your doctor right away if you have any of these signs or a combination of the following side effects : levodopa , diabetes , difficult or uncontrolled movements , stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness , disorientation , disorientation , - fits and / or collapse . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness or diabetes , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , such as stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness , disorientation , - fits and / or collapse . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you should discuss your blood sugar levels and tell your doctor right away . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking levodopa . if you have stopped taking levodopa for any reason  especially because you think you are at an injection site , or if you have any other medicines such as levodopa , diabetes or other vision problems , such as stiffness or weakness , feeling sleepy , insomnia , restlessness or disorientation , signs of rapid heartbeat and collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness or diabetes , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , such as stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness , disorientation , - fits , or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have levodopa taking levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - levodopa , diabetes , or other difficult to your urine , stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness , disorientation , or disorientation , which may be signs of a mental condition or collapse . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs and symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving zytiga . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately : chest pain or breathing , severe swelling of the skin , rash , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid around the lung , fluid collection in the lung , fluid collection in the lung , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm blood clots , changes in blood pressure , arrhythmia , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ) and heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , cardiac arrest , heart failure , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clots , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clots , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clots , heart failure , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots , arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , heart failure , heart failure , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clots , arrhythmia , palpitations , irregular heart rate , heart failure , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , irregular heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), heart_attack slow heart rate , heart failure , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clots in the heart blood vessels ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , blood clots , blood clots in the heart blood vessels ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart rhythm disturbances , chest pain , blood clots in the heart blood vessels ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clots in the heart ( palpitations ), heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the lung , palpitations ( awareness of heart beat ), chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , rapid heart rate , palpitations , heart attack , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), heart palpitations , chest pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious infections ( including blood poisoning and / or bruising ), swelling , bleeding , paleness , tremor , anxiety , difficulty in sleeping , reduced sense of taste , buzzing , feeling nervous , problems with your heartbeat , low blood pressure , buzzing , feeling nervous , problems with your heartbeat , high blood pressure , headache , nausea and feeling sick ( feeling_sick ), vomiting , nausea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), painful discomfort , rash , itching , hair loss , swollen joints , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , bone or joint pain , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney disorder , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney disorder , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney disorder , painful urination , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , increased urine output , blood in urine , painful urination , fever flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , frequent urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , blood in urine , bone pain , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , urine infection , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to hospitalisation . during an ritemvia infusion , 24 patients who have had previous hiv reactions ( see section 24 warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in eyesight or behaviour , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , pain or bloating on passing water ( belly ), passing more water than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , constipation and wind ( may affect_up_to_1_in_100_people ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ):  life - threatening lung infection ( bronchitis ), swollen face , mouth , mouth and throat , decreased number of white blood cells , shingles , decreased sharpness , irritability , difficulty in speaking , memory problems , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in speaking , problems with speech , loss of movement ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), a condition called " disseminated malignant syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in first_24_hours people ) infusion site reactions ( including a fever and chills , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , pain or tingling of the hands or feet ), passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , pain in the arms and legs , pain in the arms and legs , joint and / or joint pain , and constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased white blood cell count , bronchitis , cold sores ( herpes simplex ), cold sores , shingles , decreased sharpness , irritability , difficulty in speaking , memory impairment , difficulty in speaking , problems with speech , problems with speech , sudden decrease or loss of hearing ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in first_24_hours people ): if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , tingling sensations , pins and needles , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills , - shivering , - feeling weak , - feeling sleepy , - fits , - fits , - vision problems . - if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or combination of the following side effects : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking capecitabine accord and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the above symptoms when your treatment with capecitabine has finished , you should stop taking capecitabine medac and contact your doctor immediately . - other side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lower number of white blood cells ( magnesium and calcium ) - reduced sodium in the blood - ringing in the ears - ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - swelling , numbness , abnormal nerve sensations in the nerve around the nerve ( including coughing ) - nose bleeds - cough - pain in your arms or legs - severe nausea , vomiting , or loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your nerve ( including around the nerve system ) - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased ability to bleed ( thrombocytopenia ) - changes in potassium in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) - decreased interest in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased interest in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased appetite - decreased sharpness of vision - cough - pain in the arms and legs - severe nausea and vomiting - loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth - respiratory tract infections - 38 - infection - bacteria or virus - flushing - chest pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , cough , inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased ability to bleed ( thrombocytopenia ) - changes in heart rhythm ( malnutrition ) - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the nerve , including swelling , numbness , abnormal sensation in the arms and / or legs - nose bleeds - cough - pain in the arms and legs - severe reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) - nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased ability to bleed ( thrombocytopenia ) - changes in heart rhythm ( malnutrition ) - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in the nerve ( sciatica ) - decreased feeling or sensitivity , especially in your nerve ( e . g ., sore throat ) - cough - pain in the arms and legs - severe stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased ability to bleed ( thrombocytopenia ) - changes in heart rhythm ( malnutrition ) - decreased sharpness of vision - decreased sharpness of vision - panic_attacks - swelling and numbness - abnormal sensation in the mouth and / or throat - nose bleeds - cough - pain in the abdomen - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased ability to bleed ( thrombocytopenia ) - decreased appetite - change in mood - decreased sharpness of vision - decreased sharpness of vision - panic_attacks - swelling and numbness - abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more silodosin_recordati . tell your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , if you experience swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if severe severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( sepsis ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . severe allergic reactions ( including allergic and anaphylactic shock ) and decrease in the number of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and a decrease in the number of eosinophilia ( eosinophilia and telmisartan in adults ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of sepsis ( low levels of red blood cells ) and a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and a decrease in the number of eosinophilia ( eosinophilia ); telmisartan in the blood ( eosinophilia and telmisartan in adults ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction with shock ( see above ). signs of low blood pressure ( sepsis ) have been reported very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( dress [ see above , see " infections and " rare " sections ) may be life - threatening . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) and severe symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing . some of these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). uncommon cases of sepsis ( a liver infection ) may be severe and could lead to death . contact your doctor if you have ear problems , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock ). if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as you may need medical assistance . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful sores on the limbs and sometimes the face and throat with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased levels of fat in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): severe allergic reaction ( dress [ severe and important allergic reaction ], quincke ' s oedema [ swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), blood clots in the veins ( eosinophilia ) and blood in the semen ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe skin reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe skin reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , enlarged lymph nodes , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , hives and symptoms of symptoms such as tightness in chest or chills , low blood pressure , dizziness , tingling , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these symptoms will be reduced during treatment and during treatment with afstyla . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site . dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the site of injection . low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . bleeding may occur in patients who have received previous treatment with afstyla . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site ; dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ; dizziness ; low blood pressure ; low blood pressure ; wheezing ; difficulty breathing ; wheezing ; low blood pressure . bleeding may cause brain damage and may be life - threatening . for more information , see the box at the end of this leaflet . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness , dizziness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . bleeding may occur in patients who are treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site , dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness , dizziness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , wheezing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . symptoms of allergic reaction may include hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . bleeding may occur . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the symptoms above . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) infection ( e . g . bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bleeding ) - pulmonary embolism ( wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , or other breathing problems ) - hives ( urticaria ) - itching - muscle aches or pains - these symptoms can be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - hives ( urticaria ), itching , itching , muscle aches or pains . your doctor will tell you how to deal with your symptoms or whether temomedac must be stopped . other severe side effectswere diabetes has been reported in patients treated with temomedac . there have been reports of new bleeding or leukaemia , including fatal cases , resulting in leukaemia merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ), encephalopathy ( a type of leukaemia tumour ) and leukaemia ( cancer of cancer cancer ) and leukaemia ( a type of leukaemia )* merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face ( difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), hives , difficulties in breathing ( frequency not known ) other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , muscle pain , or swelling of the legs , feeling sick , being sick ( diarrhoea ), stomach ache , indigestion , feeling tired , headache , dizziness , migraine , generalised rashes , rashes , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling tired , headache , dizziness , migraine , generalised migraine , rashes , nose bleed , nose bleeds , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux , stomach ache , muscle aches , painful joints , back pain , blood in urine , painful urination , back pain , back pain , pain in hands and feet , feeling hot , increased sweating , night sweats uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , nasal congestion , throat irritation , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , excess gas , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , hives , skin disorder , rashes , swollen face , back pain , muscle cramps , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , chest pain and high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rashes , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain , muscle pain , pain in limbs , arms or legs , pain in the limbs , fluid in the chest , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 75 high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rashes , redness of the skin , dry skin , back pain , muscle pain , pain in limbs , arms or legs , pain in the limbs , fluid in the chest , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 75 high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rashes , swollen face , back pain , muscle pain , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , pain in the limbs , fluid in the chest , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 75 high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) blood tests may show an increased level of potassium in your blood , high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction ( e . g . rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased sweating , hives , red spots on the skin , back pain , muscle cramps , pain in the limbs , pain in the limbs , fluid in the chest , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 75 high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes rash , swollen face , tongue or tongue , difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( a very common side effect that may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ): hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than side_effect in 10 people ). if this happens , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , , sweating , fast heartbeat , sweating , or severe breathing difficulties . these may be the signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people reactions at the application site damage of the liver , which may be a sign of an increase in liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): bleeding in the liver . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): acute narrowing of the liver , which may be life - threatening . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you have new or worsening of symptoms such as coma , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , problems with eyesight , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , redness of the skin . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity . itchy rash , rash , redness of the skin . other rare side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia of the liver . severe kidney failure . if you develop any of these , contact your doctor straight away . there is a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . painful neuropathy of the skin and other symptoms can be life - threatening . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the symptoms of an excess risk of coma , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , problems with your liver . hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , redness of the skin . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pneumonia other infection of the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . bleeding in the liver . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . there is a very rare side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . blood disorders such as pain , swelling , redness or warmth of the skin , tissue , joint , joint , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( sinusitis ), sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), nose bleeds sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , excess gas in stomach or feet , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach_pain , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach_pain , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , menstrual disorder ( muscle spasm ), muscle spasm , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in tissue under the skin ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the belly , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood in the tissue ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess gas in the stomach or feet , muscle spasms , muscle spasm , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - back pain , muscle spasm - painful urination - pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( tingling of the hands or feet ), runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nose bleeds - vomiting , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms - muscle spasm - muscle spasms - painful
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy ( which may cause signs of signs of signs of swelling , itchiness , burning , pain in extremity , mouth , throat or throat ), difficulty in swallowing , runny nose and cold sores ( stomatitis ) muscle spasm hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) signs of allergy : swelling , itchiness , burning or peeling sensation of the mouth , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , runny nose , blocked nose or painful throat ( nasopharyngitis ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergy , allergy , septic shock , heart attack , congestive heart failure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , decreased heart rate , heart failure , metabolism disorder ( e . g . depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ), shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , loss_of_eyelashes muscle ( muscle ), joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle weakness , erectile dysfunction ( inability to get or keep an erection ), chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): allergy , allergy , septic shock , heart attack , congestive heart failure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , sneezing , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , erectile dysfunction ( inability to get or keep an erection ), chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : infection , allergy , septic shock , heart attack , congestive heart failure , stroke , stroke , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , loss_of_eyelashes muscle disorder , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , neck pain , neck pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : infection , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , congestive heart failure , stroke , stroke , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , loss_of_eyelashes muscle disorder , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle disorder , muscle weakness , neck pain , neck pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : infection , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , congestive heart failure , stroke , stroke , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty with sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful limbs , muscle weakness , muscle stiffness , muscle weakness , neck pain , neck pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergy , allergy , infection of the blood vessels , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , stiffness of muscles , muscle cramps , muscle stiffness , muscle weakness , neck pain , muscle weakness , neck pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your diabetes . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of nplate alone are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . gastroenteritis , headache , dizziness , abnormal muscle sensations ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ) - change in taste - hypoaesthesia ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - nose bleed ( epistaxis ) - abnormal blood test results for kidney function - blood clot in the hair in the hair in the hair in the hair - increased blood pressure in the blood vessels of the hair in the outer blood in the hair - increased blood pressure in the hair - gastroenteritis - headache - dizziness - abnormal heart rhythm - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) - vertigo - temporary difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ) - abnormal blood tests showing blood clot in the veins of the legs ( paraesthesia ) - blurred vision - partial loss of vision - abnormal blood clotting in the urine - blood clot in the veins of the hair in the blood ( paraesthesia ) - blurred vision - bleeding in the eye detachment of small spots in the eye ( retinal detachment ) detachment of small spots in the eye ( retinal detachment ) detachment of small spots in the eye ( retinal detachment ) temporary detachment of retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - partial detachment of one eye detachment or retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - partial detachment of one eye detachment or retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - partial detachment of one eye detachment or retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - partial detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - bleeding in eye detachment of small eye detachment or retinal detachment ( retinal detachment or tear detachment in one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage ( retinal detachment ) temporary detachment of one eye detachment or retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) partial or partial detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) partial or partial loss of vision detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - bleeding in brain damage temporary detachment of small spots in the eye ( retinal detachment ) temporary detachment of retinal detachment and detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - partial detachment of one eye damage to light ( guillain - barr syndrome ) - bleeding in the brain or bleeding in brain damage to the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain bleeding in the brain including gastroenteritis , headache , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the eye , tingling or numbness of the eye ( vertigo ) vertigo ( sensation of rotation ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) changes in the way the heart beats low blood pressure inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( paraesthesia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may lead to copd . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or light - headedness . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing or light - headedness . - decreased levels of consciousness , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called copd . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling drowsy , dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - blurred vision ; - muscle disorder , - fever ; - muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , changes in the way things taste o - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - ringing in the ears o the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling drowsy , dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - blurred vision ; - muscle disorder , - fever ; - muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , changes in the way things taste o - increased eye sensitivity to light , - increased eye pressure o a change in the way things taste o increased eye pressure o a change in the way things taste - this may cause the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling drowsy , dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - blurred vision ; - painful eyes ; - fever ; - muscle twitching , muscle spasms ; - muscle spasms , - fever ; - inability to sleep ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - ringing in the ears . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling drowsy , dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - disturbance in attention , such as blurred vision ; - muscle twitching , fever ; - muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , changes in eyesight such as blurred vision o a change in the way things taste o increased eye pressure o a feeling of having something in the eye with a feeling of having something in the eye . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; fever ; feeling tired ; feeling drowsy , dizziness , light - headedness ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - disturbance in attention , such as blurred vision ; - muscle twitching , fever ; - muscle twitching , - muscle spasms , - difficulty in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , bacteria , excessive sweating , blood in urine , pain , swelling , or a tingling sensation in the arms and legs , bleeding , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding in the eyes ), chest pain or shortness of breath due to fluid retention or coughing up blood , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection , decreased number of blood platelets , sore throat runny nose sore throat runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung infection , infection of the lung , sore throat runny nose sore throat runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung infection , infection of the lung , sore throat runny nose sore throat runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose runny nose indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite weight loss , weight loss , muscle and / or muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , infection in the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract infection of the urinary tract resulting in kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function test increase in liver function test rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection of the lung ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), causing chest pain or shortness of breath ( facial oedema ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion increased yawning , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , indigestion ( reflux of food from the stomach ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache ( fatigue ), feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ), dizziness , headache , dizziness , joint pain , abnormal taste , decreased number of platelets , joint pain or joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) dehydration dizziness vomiting ( dyspepsia ) vomiting abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) bloating_(abdominal_distension cough dehydration cough dehydration cough vomiting ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 sleeplessness , runny nose inflammation of the mouth and throat , abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the sinuses inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) muscle pain , joint pain 34 sleeplessness ( somnolence ) flu - like illness abdominal pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( infection ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain muscle spasm joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( infection ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain muscle spasm joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness runny nose abnormal liver function tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the nose and throat inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) ear pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( infection ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain muscle spasm joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) infection pharyngitis ( infection ) cough indigestion ( dyspepsia ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) joint pain urinary tract infection decreased appetite 34 dizziness ( somnolence ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) joint pain abnormal liver function tests runny nose 34 dizziness drowsiness ( somnolence ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever pain joint pain abnormal liver test results joint pain joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): pain in the mouth and joint joint pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain low potassium levels joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): pain in the mouth and joint joint pain difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain low potassium levels pain joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the oesophagus ( sinusitis ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests ( joint pain ) 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) joint pain urinary tract infection decreased appetite 34 dizziness ( somnolence ) abdominal pain abnormal liver function tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing , limpness , collapse , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing and limpness , collapse - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the throat or mouth , itching , pain or swelling ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of calcium in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ). this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients taking tandemact . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of blood platelets ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . - if you experience any of the above symptoms : - fever , - chills , - drowsiness , - difficulty in breathing , - wheezing , coughing or limpness , - collapse , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , - low blood pressure , - a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to hypocalcaemia . - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) has been seen in patients who have received zoledronic acid for postmenopausal osteoporosis . it is currently unclear whether zoledronic acid causes this irregular heart rhythm but you should report it to your doctor if you experience such symptoms after you have received zoledronic acid . - severe allergic reaction : shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the throat or mouth , itching , pain or swelling ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . - low level of anaemia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( anaemia ). - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called osteonecrosis . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue osteonecrosis . in most cases , parts of the bones especially in the hip or thigh . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as new onset or worsening of aches , stiffness , stiffness or pain in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - swelling , swelling and / or swelling in the limbs and may lead to swelling ( conjunctivitis ) of the jaw or jaw , itching , pain , swelling or stiffness in the limbs ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking varuby : - if you develop an allergic reaction or an allergic reaction . these can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - feeling tired or weakness - sudden shortness of breath , feeling tired or fear - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could be a sign of brain infection ( pneumonia ) - if you get any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : feeling tired , weakness or other breathing problems , feeling tired , headache , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , indigestion , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach pain , bloating , stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach pain , bloating ( loose stools ), - constipation , bloating , stomach pain , loose stools , decreased appetite , feeling less hungry or feeling less hungry than usual , feeling less hungry or feeling less hungry than usual , feeling less hungry than usual , feeling less hungry or blurry_vision than usual , feeling nervous or being ill , difficulty thinking , difficulty concentrating or abnormal thoughts ( dysgeusia ). - sudden decrease or loss of hearing ( dehydration ). - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure . this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life threatening and lead to a sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a severe and life - threatening medical condition . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a persistent cough or any signs of bowel problems . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - general weakness , weakness or other signs of flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , weakness or other breathing problems , feeling tired , headache , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach pain , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , stomach_problems , stomach ache , throwing_up , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , loose stools , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , loose stools , decreased appetite , feeling tired , abnormal thoughts , abnormal thinking , abnormal thoughts , abnormal thinking , thoughts of harming or unable to control the ability to control the ability to control the ability to control the ability of normal or low white blood cell count ( e . g . platelets ) and / or blood clots in the lung . if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get general feeling of being unwell , nausea , stomach problems , bloating , stomach pain , stomach or abdominal pain , feeling tired , weakness , lack of energy , feeling tired , abnormal thoughts , abnormal thinking , abnormal thinking , uncontrolled movements of the urine , abnormal thoughts , thoughts of harming or killing it may be signs of a stroke . - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood . this is a very common side effect . it may become severe and could lead to loss of consciousness . contact your doctor immediately if you get signs of a allergic reaction , such as : feeling tired , weakness or other breathing problems , feeling tired , headache , stomach pain , indigestion , heartburn , stomach ache , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , stomach_problems , stomach ache , throwing_up , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , loose stools , decreased appetite , feeling less hungry , abnormal behaviour , abnormal thinking , uncontrolled movements of the urine , abnormal thoughts , thoughts of harming or killing yourself , abnormal thoughts in the centre of the womb ( signs of a stroke ) - decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - if you feel unwell , especially if you feel unwell or have a quickened heartbeat , tell your doctor immediately . - you may experience general weakness or weakness , which could be a sign of an allergic reaction . - feeling sleepy or weakness -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : heart problems : coughing , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat itchy skin rash , hives or itching allergic reaction other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose sore throat , nasal congestion , difficulty in breathing , cough , coughing , diarrhoea , nausea abnormal sense of taste muscle pain , joint or muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle cramps or pain in joints . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat , cough , diarrhoea , nausea ( lack of energy ), musculoskeletal or muscle pain , musculoskeletal pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - runny nose - sore throat - cough - diarrhoea - nausea - lack of energy ( asthenia ) - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - pain in limbs ( musculoskeletal pain ) - pain in joints ( including bones and bones ) - musculoskeletal pain ( musculoskeletal pain ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - itching - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - skin rash - itching - hives - allergic reaction other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel are : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to vertigo in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to jaundice in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised swelling of the eye ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fever ); breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised swelling of the eye ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): - allergy ; - pain , bumps , bumps , bumps , inflammation , inflammation , inflammation , inflammation or inflammation of the lining of the gullet . - changes in your blood levels of uric acid in your blood . common : may affect up to in 10 people - dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , mood swings , irritability , irritability , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , nightmares , confusion , irritability , anxiety , abnormal dreams , nightmares , mental impairment , irritability , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , tingling_of_hands_and_feet , nightmares , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , thoughts of irritability , confusion , hallucinations , mental disorder , fits , irritability , anxiety , mental disorder - difficulty in speaking , reduced sense of smell ( hyposmia ), vision problems , ear pain and fractures ( including bone pain and fractures ) - bone pain and fractures ( muscular pain ) - muscle weakness , stiffness in arms and legs , blood in the urine , fluid retention ( sign of kidney problems ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling or being sick ( nausea ) feeling sleepy , feeling very tired ( fatigue ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) changes in the colour of your muscle ( such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , feeling agitated , headache or dizzy ( fatigue ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) sensation of tingling or pins and needles ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) vertigo ; altered taste ( vertigo ); ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ); dry mouth ; dry mouth ; sleep disorder ; vertigo ; taste changes ; abnormal muscle sensations ; sensation of spinning ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating ; altered taste ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of spinning ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of spinning ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; vertigo ; dry mouth ; sensitivity to light
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more zelboraf . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , feeling tired , feeling tired , - swelling of the face , fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - pain , redness , itching - burning sensation , pain , muscle pain , muscle aches , feeling tired , abnormal sense of touch or abnormal sensation in the skin ( including pain and burning sensation ), redness , itching , rash , loss of pain or pain , muscle pain , muscle aches , and difficulty in walking . - altered taste . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - partial or complete changes in blood pressure . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , chills and fever , fever and / or fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - blood clots in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uraemic syndrome ). signs and symptoms can include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in breathing or fever - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( frequency not known ) - severe skin reactions including itching , peeling and bleeding in the area around the hand ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; - severe abdominal pain with or without back pain , fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough , generalised itching , - cough , - difficulty breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , cough , tightness of the throat , vertigo very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; - severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; 1 in breathing ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the fever ); - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor bleeding and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking simbrinza and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as rash , itching , generalised rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , fainting , feeling nervous , irritability , irritability , nervousness , irritability , fainting , high blood pressure , palpitations , extreme tiredness , cold limbs , cold sores , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , pain , redness , itching , rash back pain , muscle pain , joint pain , neck pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle pain , back pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased red blood cell count , increase in white blood cells , decreased blood potassium , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , depression , nervousness , nervousness , tremor , abnormal sense of smell , nightmares , fainting , heart attack ( palpitations ), sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach ache , vomiting , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , cold sores , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder ( sinus disorder ), cold sores , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , fungal infections , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , rash , back pain , muscle pain , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count decreased , increased white blood cell count , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , increased blood sugar , depression , nervousness , nervousness , tremor , tremor , panic attack , nightmares , fainting , faster heart beat ( palpitations ), sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach ache , vomiting , tooth disorder , sinus infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , indigestion , throat irritation , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach ache , vomiting , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , fungal infections , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder , fungal infection , herpes simplex infection , indigestion , vomiting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of serious side effects and may be life - threatening . in some cases the pregnancy may not be obvious . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking kilogram_bodyweight . if you experience any of these , stop taking kilogram_bodyweight and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or neck ; pain in the face , face or shoulder ; pain in the upper part of the face and shoulder ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding from your gums ; blood in the urine ; bleeding from the gums ; bruising ; bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; pain in the shoulder or back ; pain in the shoulder or back ; protein in the urine ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may recommend changes in your blood or urine test results . these will be monitored by your doctor if you have any further questions on the safety of this medicine . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or neck ; pain in the face , face or shoulder ; pain in the upper part of the shoulder ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding at the site of bleeding ; bruising , bleeding or bruising ; respiratory tract infections ; pain in the shoulder and back ; bleeding in the back of the shoulder ; urinary tract infection ; blood in the urine ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; fluid build - up in the stomach or shoulder ; pain in the back of the neck and back ; protein in the urine . what to do if you experience bleeding from the gums , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). other common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or neck ; infection of the face , face or shoulder ; pain in the upper part of the shoulder ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding in the gums ; bruising ; bleeding or bruising ; respiratory tract infections ; pain in the shoulder and back ; bleeding in the shoulder ; hair loss ; absence of menstrual periods ; inability to obtain the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful to your doctor , but could be harmful to your doctor if you have any further questions on the safety of this medicine . if you are receiving pregnancy , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience pregnant or worsening of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) face , especially in the face , neck or shoulder bleeding from the back of the shoulder ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding at the site of bleeding ; bruising , bleeding , vascular_disorders , pain in the shoulder or shoulder ; pain in front part of the shoulder ; hair loss  absence or decrease in menstrual periods . in general , these side effects are caused by the break - down products of pregnancy and pregnancy . pregnant , pregnant and / or pregnant . the following events have been seen with filgrastim_ratiopharm : very common side effects ( may affect more than long-term_treatment in 10 people ) include : neck and upper shoulder pain . rinsing your doctor for advice if you have any further questions on the safety of this medicine . joint pain , blood in your urine , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , pain in the back or back , or pain in the back of the shoulder . increased levels of creatinine in the blood . inability to do if you experience bleeding from the gums . blood clots in your veins and ankles . changes in your sense of taste . changes in your sense of smell . if you notice any of these signs or signs , tell your doctor or pharmacist .  this medicine has been prescribed for you . do not pass it on to others . it may harm them , even if their symptoms are the same as yours . if you notice any
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur commonly ( may affect up to a_decrease_in_the_number_of_white_blood_cells in a drop in the number of white blood cells ). infections may be severe or life - threatening . serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory system infections bacterial infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections or life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections or life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection infections serious infections serious infections of the white blood cells , which can cause infections , life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low number of white blood cells , which
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including swelling , bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , feeling faint ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , including bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , swelling of hands , ankles or feet , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or a reaction where the injection is given , swelling , bruising , vertigo ( reduced blood pressure ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or reaction ( vasculitis ), injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin . injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , injection site reactions , such as swelling or bruising ( vertigo ), feeling of low blood pressure , flushing , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching and / or swelling of the tongue and / or throat , vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or a reaction where the injection is given , swelling , bruising , vertigo ( feeling of pressure , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , fainting , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching or hives ( exfoliative dermatitis ), vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or reaction ( vasculitis ), injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin . injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , injection site reactions , swelling ( including bruising ) and bleeding , vertigo ( reduced blood pressure ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , swelling of hands , ankles or feet . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching and / or swelling of the tongue and / or throat ( vertigo ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or a tingling sensation ( vertigo ), - low blood pressure , - injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising - raised or itchy rash ( bruising ) - injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin ( exfoliative dermatitis ), injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin . injection site reaction ( injection site reaction , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , hives , rash , red skin , bruising or a purple skin ), injection site reaction , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin . injection site reaction ( injection site reaction , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin ), injection site reaction , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ( hives ), rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin . injection site reaction ( injection site reaction , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or purple skin ), injection site reaction , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing or immediately , which may be signs of low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing , or a immediately , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . these side effects may become severe . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a low blood pressure . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . ribavirin ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea , constipation - elevated liver function tests - thinning ( aching muscles ) - increased sweating - dry skin - itching - dry skin - rash - dry_skin - flu - like illness - joint pain - dry skin - thinning and swelling of the tendons - flu - like illness - joint pain - dry skin - thinning and inflammation of a vein - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching muscles - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or swollen joints - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased weight - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( peripheral oedema ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - weakness ( asthenia ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( peripheral oedema ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - anxiety ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( peripheral oedema ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - anxiety ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( peripheral oedema ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - anxiety ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( oedema peripheral ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - anxiety ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( myalgia ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - anxiety ( tiredness ) - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( myalgia ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of nerves ) in the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - headache - fatigue - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching ) - aching or purple muscles ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning ( inflammation of a vein ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - headache - fatigue ( unusual hair loss or thinning ) - aching or painful muscles ( oedema peripheral ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( myositis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( myositis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( myositis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( arthritis ) - inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - joint pain - dry skin - thinning
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . difficulty breathing with difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and soreness ( usually of the skin ) or inflammation of the mouth , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling and soreness ( usually of the skin ) difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips and / or tongue difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and soreness ( usually of the lower abdomen ) difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips and / or tongue difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and / or soreness of the skin and / or peeling of the eyes difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of this_vaccine , the following side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and / or soreness of the skin and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) may also cause other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and / or soreness of the skin and / or peeling of the eyes difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , lips and / or tongue difficulty breathing . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the above or combination of the following side effects : severe allergic reaction that may cause a skin rash or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , bruising , swelling and / or soreness of the skin and / or peeling of the eyes difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of this_vaccine , the following side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of stopping_breathing or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells ( agranulocytosis ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid loss of appetite - confusion , numbness , tingling , paralysis , paralysis , paralysis or paralysis ( blurred or impaired vision ). these may be signs of blurred or impaired vision . - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching and / or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - blocked nose - sore throat - cold sores ( stomatitis ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash - acne - hair loss - skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) and / or methotrexate ' s disease ( e . g . fever and sore throat ) - difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - rash - itching - this occurs commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - blocked nose - sore throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin skin reactions - acne - skin rash , hair loss ( acne ) - abnormal blood test results for an enzyme called gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a reaction characterised by fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , rash , itching ( especially affecting the whole body ) - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - blocked nose - sore throat - cold sores ( stomatitis ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - skin rash - acne - skin rash , hair loss ( acne ) - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - acne - skin rash , hair loss ( acne ) - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - a reaction characterised by fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , rash , itching or hives on the skin . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion , blocked nose - sore throat , swollen joints - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your swallowing and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin ( angioedema ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . during an riximyo infusion , it can be life threatening and require treatment . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , lack of co - ordination , - difficulty in speaking , - difficulty in walking or loss of balance or co - ordination or " serotonin syndrome ( a condition which may lead to a stroke or a sudden drop in blood pressure ). - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and pain in the arms or legs . - high levels of calcium in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as shortness of breath , nose bleeds , urinary tract infection , bladder infection , nasal congestion . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infection in the mouth and throat , fungal infections , shingles , ear infection , bladder shingles , shingles , ear infection , oral shingles , oral thrush , oral thrush , presence of red blood cells , reduced production of red blood cells , decreased sharpness of vision , difficulty in speaking , reduced urine output and sudden loss of vision ( optic neuritis ), - a sudden decrease in blood pressure and sudden death have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs and symptoms of polyangiitis , but may be severe and could be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions ", - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - decreased potassium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in the blood - decreased calcium in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : test with your doctor immediately if you get any of the following signs of an infection such as : - infections - severe life - threatening allergic reaction , - respiratory infections , sore throat , respiratory infections , cough , throat or respiratory congestion ( signs of respiratory tract infection , sore throat , cough , sore throat , sore throat or blocked nose , sore throat or cough ) - painful breathing - respiratory problems such as sore throat or local_symptoms , sore throat , sore throat or mouth sores - high or low blood pressure , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , sore throat , sore throat or mouth ulcers , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or runny nose , - cough , signs of herpes problems - sore throat or respiratory infections , such as sore throat or cough , sore throat or respiratory congestion , - respiratory infection , weight loss , - cough , signs of sore throat or sore throat , - cough , signs of herpes problems , sore throat or respiratory problems , such as sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or mouth , - severe chest sore or sore throat , o cough , signs of cold sore , sore throat or respiratory problems , weight loss , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of herpes herpes infection , sore throat , cough , runny nose , sore throat or respiratory infections , - respiratory infection , such as sore throat , cough , sore throat or respiratory congestion , respiratory disorder , weight loss , cough , respiratory problems such as sore throat or voice alteration , - cough , signs of respiratory tract infection , sore throat or respiratory congestion , such as sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or runny nose , - cough , signs of herpes problems , sore throat or respiratory problems , such as sore throat or cough , signs of sore throat or respiratory congestion , such as sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore sore or runny nose , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of herpes herpes infection , sore throat , cough , runny nose , sore throat or respiratory infections , - respiratory infection , - sore throat , - cough , signs of herpes zoster , sore throat or respiratory congestion , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or respiratory , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or runny nose , - cough , signs of herpes zoster , sore throat or respiratory congestion , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or respiratory , sore throat , cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or runny nose , - cough , signs of herpes problems , sore throat or respiratory problems , such as sore throat or cough , sore throat or respiratory congestion , - respiratory infection , weight loss , - cough , - respiratory problems such as sore throat or respiratory problems , weight loss , cough , respiratory congestion , sore throat or respiratory congestion , such as sore throat or cough , sore throat , sore throat or respiratory congestion , - respiratory infection , weight loss , cough , respiratory problems such as sore throat or voice problems , sore throat or cough , signs of respiratory tract congestion , sore throat or respiratory congestion , such as sore throat or cough , sore throat or sore throat , o respiratory infections , weight loss , - cough , - painful breathing , respiratory problems
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , feeling tired , lack of energy feeling dizzy , lack of co - ordination , feeling confused uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( insomnia ) problems with your restlessness such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs may include blisters , or skin pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen - indigestion , tooth disorder - tooth disorder common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - weight loss - weight loss - weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - itching dry mouth - dry mouth - difficulty in swallowing - low level of potassium in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - high level of sodium , potassium , phosphate , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in your blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , feeling drowsy , confusion , drowsy or drowsy - drowsy or confusion - confusion - drowsy or loss of consciousness - a condition called " posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your kidneys and needs urgent medical attention . - blood tests may show : - an increase in the level of potassium , potassium , phosphate , calcium or phosphate in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsy sensation , confusion , drowsy feeling , drowsy or confusion , confusion , drowsy feeling in the arms and / or legs , - decreased number of platelets in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , dizziness , drowsy or confusion , confusion , drowsy or confusion , confusion , drowsy or loss of consciousness - a condition called weakening of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with pemetrexed in combination with pemetrexed_hospira : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). low platelet count ( anaemia ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of platelets in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) irritation or sores in your mouth vomiting abdominal pain constipation tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infections of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) muscle weakness ( myalgia ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , swelling or erosions ( paraesthesia ) bleeding in the digestive tract lining which runs from the mouth to the mouth ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience any of these symptoms and contact your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some patients have had the following side effects while taking pemetrexed and a common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people infection pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction decreased number of platelets in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of calcium in the blood low level of platelets in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of platelets in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of platelets in the blood low level of phosphate in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , nightmare , dizziness low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , asthma , swelling of the lining of the nose , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach upset , indigestion , excess gas in the skin , hair loss , hair loss , itchy skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder increased sweating , stinging , sensitivity_to_light , sensitivity to light , watery eyes , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , eye_swelling or ringing in the ears , blurred vision , double vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the eye , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the stomach or stomach , stomach ache , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , itchy skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder abnormal or change in skin colour , hair loss , hair loss , itchy skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder abnormal or change in the way the skin around the eyes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the eye , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the stomach or stomach , stomach ache , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , itchy skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder abnormal or change in skin colour , hair loss , itchy skin , skin discolouration , nail disorder abnormal or change in the way the skin around the eyes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : weakness , weakness , changes in body habits . these side effects are normally mild to moderate and only died . they are more likely to happen in a few days to a few weeks . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - died of the skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - signs of bleeding such as : - bruising or bleeding - bruising or bleeding - feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , bleeding gums , dry skin , or pain in the hands or feet , feeling sick , vomiting , sick ( nausea ), loss of appetite , dark - coloured urine - pain , pain , redness , bruising , bleeding , bruising - bleeding , - bleeding , - red or purple spots on the skin - hair loss . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itchy rash , hives , nettle rash ( hives ), itchy rash or hair loss ( alopecia ) - increased sensitivity of the skin to sun ( cornea ) - inflammation of the coloured part of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - bleeding from the vagina - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body with or without pain , burning , numbness or burning ( burning ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - loss of strength - rashes - rashes at the injection site - pain including small redness of the skin - burning , numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site - injection site redness - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of fluid at the back of the body ( oedema ) - burning sensation at the injection site at injection site - injection site redness - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 36 - 36 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of sensation - rashes - rashes at the injection site - pain in extremity - burning , numbness , burning , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . blood_clots_swelling ) - blood_clots_swelling site at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of fluid at the back of the skin at the injection site - at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . blood_clots_swelling ) - redness at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of fluid at the back of the skin at the injection site - at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . blood_clots_swelling ) - redness at injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of fluid at the back of the skin at the injection site - at injection site at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . redness of the skin at injection site ) - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 36 - up of 36 36 - up of fluid at the back of the skin at the injection site - at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . blood_clots_swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking fotivda and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever or chills , sore throat , runny nose or mouth ulcers , chest pain , severely decreased urine output , chills , fever or fever . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat symptoms such as heart_failure or heart failure , chest pain , shortness of breath , difficulty speaking or painful breathing , swollen ankles or swollen ankles , which may be signs of a bone disorder or artery of the bone . symptoms include : heart failure shortness of breath , difficulty speaking , swollen legs or swollen ankles , which may be signs of bleeding in the bone or bone , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , swollen or feet fluid in the lungs , which may be signs of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , swollen or feet fluid in the lungs , which may be signs of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , swollen or feet fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , swollen or feet fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , swollen or feet fluid in the lungs , which may be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , which could be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swollen ankles , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - lung infection ( pneumonia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - decreased appetite - decreased levels of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness and / or weakness . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of infection , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any symptoms of infection : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations ( tremor or hyperactivity ). if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . symptoms of infection include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . symptoms of infection include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness and / or other breathing problems . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . symptoms of infection include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . symptoms of infection include : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - decreased appetite - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - drowsiness - weakness if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; rapid heart rate and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa which can also lead to difficulty breathing , difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions including difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing ( possible signs of symptoms include : - swelling of the face , swollen , or throat ) - cellulitis ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - dark urine - coloured urine - yellowing of your skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin or skin ( jaundice ) - swelling in the affected area of the leg ( diverticulitis ) ( diverticulitis ) - swelling in the affected area of the leg ( diverticulitis ) ( diverticulitis ) - diverticulitis ( swelling in the legs ) - diverticulitis ( swelling in the legs ) - diverticulitis ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding ) ( uncommon ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling or burning sensations of the arms and / or legs , or pain in the arms and legs - urinary tract infection - low potassium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - rash - itching - yellowing of the skin or skin ( jaundice ) - swelling or swollen of the affected layer of the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - urinary tract infection - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - seizures ( twitches and heart function ) - slow heart rate - seizures ( twitches and twitches of the limbs ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches ) - twitches or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - discharge in the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - seizures ( twitches of the heart muscle ) - heart failure - symptoms include : seizures , twitches or twitches of the skin ( symptoms of seizures ) - twitches or tingling of the hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling or burning sensations of the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - pain in arms or legs - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( tachycardia ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - rash - itching - yellowing of the skin and skin ( jaundice ) - swelling or swollen and around the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection - discharge in the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - seizures ( twitches and heart function ) - slow heart rate - seizures ( twitches and twitches of the limbs ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches ) - twitches or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - discharge from the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm - electrocardiogram ( ecg ) - qt prolongation ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - seizures ( twitches and twitches of the limbs ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches ) - twitches or tingling of the hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling or burning sensations of the arms and / or legs , or pain in the arms and legs - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - abnormal heart rhythm - abnormal
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing difficulties - rapid breathing - itchy rash - itchy skin - difficulty in breathing - suddenly loss of consciousness - fever - flu - like symptoms , a feeling of tired , weakness or chills , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe feeling weak or tired , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a reduction in the number of blood platelets . - fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . - reduction in blood platelets , which may result in bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - severe reduction in blood platelets , which may result in bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which may cause bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which may cause bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , or feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact a doctor immediately , if you notice any of the following symptoms : seizures ( fits ) or loss of consciousness , accelerated heart rate , fainting , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke , seizures ( fits ), fainting , loss of consciousness , severe or life - threatening allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell a doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , severe allergic reactions or anaphylactic shock , which may cause difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell a doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : - blood poisoning , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - fits , fainting or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . - seizures , loss of consciousness , severe or life - threatening allergic ( anaphylactic shock ) - difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of consciousness , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic or hypersensitivity reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . - severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as itchy rash , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin , severe rash with or without difficulty breathing these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen to you , stop using docetaxel_accord and talk to your doctor immediately : allergic reactions to paclitaxel may become life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , chest pain or swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet , chills , flushing , itching and swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your trunk which may cause skin and eyes ( this may also be a problem with your body ). extremities , bumps , swelling , usually in the hands and soles of the trunk and trunk . trunk and body : painful skin rash , muscle aches and pains , back pain , bone pain and pain in the pelvis , feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid teva or after stopping treatment . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs and frequency of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - chest pain or pressure - chills - flushing - itching - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . - this is a common side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 people - change in the levels of potassium in the blood . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash - chest pain - feeling faint or light - headed - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling feeling_sleepy ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - collection of fluid ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder with blood clotting , low blood potassium levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder with blood clotting , low blood potassium levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder with blood clotting , low blood potassium levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - liver damage - high blood pressure - decreased appetite - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , disorder - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure - fast heart rate - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing , coughing or low_blood_pressure - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - coughing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or coughing - chest difficulty - wheezing - coughing , coughing , chest difficulty - wheezing - coughing , coughing or low blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low_blood_pressure low blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - elevated levels of some liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - elevated levels of red blood cells - low level of potassium in the blood - decreased appetite - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash , itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder - low blood pressure - disorder - low blood pressure - disorder - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - fast heart rate - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , faster heartbeat - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or coughing up blood - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or coughing up blood - low blood pressure - hot flush , flushing , wheezing - coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or coughing up blood - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - disorder - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing - low blood pressure , high blood pressure - disorder - flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more adynovi . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face and / or difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , which may be severe and can be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of rash_uncommon_side_effects or allergic reactions . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - wheals , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , fainting , - loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , - fits , - fits , - loss of consciousness , - fits severe or life - threatening severe allergic reactions . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , wheals , generalised peeling , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting ) and loss of consciousness . - severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( including hypersensitivity and wheals , generalised peeling , swelling of face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting ) and loss of consciousness . - severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( including hypersensitivity and wheals , generalised peeling , swelling of face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting ) - loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low level of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( including hypersensitivity and wheals , generalised peeling , swelling of face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects talk to your doctor or get medical help immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( which can cause symptoms such as drowsiness , drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing ). these symptoms may be signs of liver problems . symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty breathing . these symptoms may be signs of liver damage and can be life - threatening ( see section 2 ). - symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty breathing . - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal ( belly ) pain , nausea ( vomiting ), - diarrhoea_vomiting ( flatulence ), - diarrhoea ( fatigue ). common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( migraine ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - blood clot in the blood - decreased blood pressure - dizziness - strange feeling in the mouth - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - blood clot in the lung - blood clot in the lung - dizziness - bronchitis ( fluid retention ) - cough - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea_vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea_vomiting ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - blood clot in the blood - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( tremor ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - musculoskeletal pain - blood testing showing higher blood pressure ( hypertension ) - decreased appetite ( insomnia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( shaking ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - the_abdomen ( shaking ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - urinary tract infection - blood in urine - decreased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( asthenia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea - nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing , hives or swelling of the face , face , face or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy and feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , which can cause collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . if you notice any of the following , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor if you experience chills , feeling feeling_weak , nausea , being sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , dry mouth , mouth ulcers or discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , feeling weak , drowsiness , chills , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , drowsiness , chills , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or discomfort , dry mouth , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , drowsiness , chills , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or discomfort , dry mouth , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , drowsiness , chills , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or discomfort , dry mouth , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , drowsiness , chills , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , suicidal thoughts , worried , motionless , motionless , or whistling ; abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure and reduced blood pressure ( shock ), problems with balance , weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), abnormal blood clotting ( signs of problems with your nerves such as weakness , chills , feeling_weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless ), abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( hypertension ) and reduced blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) and heart problems ( fluttering of the heart or a faster or slower heartbeat ), weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or whistling disorders , abnormal dreams paranoia , allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ) and hypersensitivity reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ), hypersensitivity ( drug hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , anaphylactic reaction ) and serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach_pain stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , chills , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort or discomfort , dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , chills , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , chills , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or discomfort , dry mouth , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , abnormal dreams , paranoia , chills , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - disappears - section 4 syndrome ). 4 syndrome ( see section 4 ' earlier in section 4 ) headache , abdominal pain , nausea ( malaise ), headache , abdominal pain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , abdominal pain ( myalgia ), abdominal pain ( malaise ), abdominal pain and malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life threatening ), nausea , abdominal pain , headache , malaise ( lung infection ), bleeding in the stomach or abdominal , abdominal pain , nausea and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), allergic reactions ( such as difficulty breathing , facial disorders , miscarriage ), presence of blood in the urine , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ), nausea , abdominal pain , side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea , abdominal pain . some patients have had the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , abdominal pain , accumulation of fluid in the belly , abdominal pain and malaise . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), allergic reactions including anaphylaxis , allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life threatening ), nausea , abdominal pain , headache , malaise . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung disorders , which may cause abdominal pain , nausea and headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ) - allergic reactions including allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing , which may be life - threatening ) - nausea - abdominal pain - headache - malaise - lung infection - bleeding in the gut - abdominal pain - nausea - headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - lung infection - anaphylaxis - allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) - allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to reactions_have_been_fatal . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , lack of coordination , memory problems , difficulty in speaking , problems with eyesight , sudden onset or loss of hearing , and other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles ( paraesthesia ), memory loss , difficulty in speaking , impaired vision or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . symptoms include fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling of weakness , difficulty in concentrating , nervous changes , difficulty in speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of a neurological condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which is a serious condition which causes fever , chills , shivering , feeling of weakness , feeling of weakness , and unable to vision , vision loss or deterioration in vision , which may be signs of a sudden decrease or loss of hearing . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . other problems such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling_weak feeling , achy joints , difficulty speaking , sudden loss or loss of hearing . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles ( signs of nervous system problems ). - difficulty in walking , which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of hearing . - posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - a condition characterised by fever , chills , shivering , feeling of weakness , feeling of weakness , and unable to vision , vision problems , vision problems , abnormal or change in vision , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling of weakness , changes in vision , vision loss , or changes in vision , including a sudden decrease or loss of hearing . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing . - sudden onset of symptoms such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling nervous , vision problems , vision problems , clouding of the eyeballs , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling nervous , vision problems , vision problems , vision problems , abnormal or uncontrolled movements of the eyes , or other signs of a malignant condition . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling of weakness , feeling of weakness , and unable to vision , vision problems , vision problems , abnormal or change in vision , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling nervous , vision problems , vision problems , vision problems , abnormal or impaired vision , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , feeling drowsy , becoming easily , sleep problems , vision problems , vision problems , abnormal or change in eyesight , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), or anaphylaxis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , shortness of breath , chest tightness , light - headedness , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or by enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , widespread rash , peeling and peeling of the skin , chills , fever . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the tongue ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the tongue ) side effects with unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - abnormal liver function - elevated liver enzymes - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests - itching ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver failure - abnormal liver function test - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver failure - abnormal liver function test - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . however , it is important that you contact your doctor immediately for any of these effects . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of the face , lips or tongue - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of the skin - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever around the treatment of treatment . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain in your abdomen - changes in your liver blood test results for a protein in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy which can lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever around the treatment of treatment . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in the levels of liver enzymes in your blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening brain infection . - blood tests may show an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting which may increase the risk of allergy ( which may be a sign of redness , swelling or swelling ) - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in the levels of liver enzymes in your blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening brain infection . - blood tests may show an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy an infection in the blood caused by a sudden decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( allergy ) - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of injection . - if you notice any changes in your blood pressure , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to increase your blood enzymes levels in your blood . a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood tests . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting . - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood , which may be a sign of allergy - redness , swelling , pain , swelling , and redness around the treatment of treatment . - if you have fever and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in your blood and the function of your kidneys . these may be caused by an increased bilirubin in your blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - blood tests may show an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests . - signs and symptoms can include redness , swelling , pain , swelling , redness or fever . - fever . - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain . your doctor may find changes in your blood and the function of your urine . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called blood test . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy an infection with a sudden drop in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which can result in increased risk of infection ) - swelling , redness , pain , swelling and redness around the treatment of treatment . - if you have fever , usually sick ( nausea ) and feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - a reaction which may cause redness , swelling , pain , swelling , and redness around the treatment of treatment . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , or confusion . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require immediate medical attention . nausea and vomiting_weakness , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness and confusion . these side effects usually improve within a few days to a few weeks of treatment . your doctor will give you how to deal with your symptoms or nurse , such as nausea ( feeling vomiting_weakness ), shaking , numbness , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness and nausea . these side effects usually improve within a few days to a few weeks of receiving your treatment . if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - rash - itching , hives or swelling ( angioedema ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face - skin rash - itching - hives - swelling - swelling ( angioedema ) - difficulty breathing - swallowing - swelling of the face - skin rash - itching - hives - swelling - swelling of the face - lips , lips , tongue or throat - blurred vision other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - runny nose - sore throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - coughing - hives - skin rash - itching - hives - swelling - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - musculoskeletal pain - muscle spasm - rash - abnormal hair loss - rash - abnormal swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the lips or the eyes ) - blurred vision other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , feeling cold , headache , increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes in the enzymes , increase in liver enzymes ( transaminases ) in the blood , increase in transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , increase in transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) and a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) and a type of white blood cell ( thrombocytopenia ) and a type of thrombocytopenia ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ). skin rash , which may result in a severe skin reaction called " erythema multiforme ( see section " warnings and precautions "). nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea and / or diarrhoea . increased risk of blood clots in the lung ( thrombocytopenia ), an increase in a type of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) and a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood . skin rash , which may result in severe blistering of the skin or body ( jaundice ), skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious allergic ( anaphylaxis ) such as anaphylaxis , seizures ( convulsions ), swelling of face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of seizures ( convulsions ). convulsions ( convulsions ) is a rare but very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but serious allergic reactions , including anaphylaxis ( seizures ), convulsions , convulsions ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of seizures ( convulsions ). - convulsions ( convulsions ) has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). - serious allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( seizures ), convulsions , convulsions ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking nespo and contact your doctor immediately . - seizures ( convulsions ) - convulsions ( convulsions ) tell your doctor if you get any of these symptoms . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : these may need urgent medical attention . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache , swollen hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ) back pain , tiredness flu - like symptoms , tiredness , back pain , pain in the limbs , back or back pain , back pain , tiredness , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , back pain , redness of the skin , redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain acne ( leg ) pain in the back of the hands or feet , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in hands or feet redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain itching of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain acne redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs pain in the arms or legs back pain acne pain in arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain itching of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain acne redness of the skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain acne pain in arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin back pain acne pain in arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain acne pain in arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain acne redness of the skin dry skin back pain or pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin back pain acne pain in the back of the hands or feet redness of the skin pain in the arms or legs back pain acne pain in arms or legs pain in limbs redness of the skin redness of the skin dry skin back pain itching ( pruritus ) back pain pain in hands and feet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , swelling ( oedema ), as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with digestive_enzymes has been observed with kepivance . it is important to read the information on this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( including heart_failure ), breathing difficulties , tightness in the chest , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face ( face and / or difficulty in breathing ), stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma and see a doctor immediately , as these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called " hypocalcaemia " ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), constipation - elevated liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms - back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms - muscle spasms , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - low level of potassium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - changes in sense of taste - weakness_(asthenia) ( convulsions ) - muscle pain or muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - blood in urine - reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - abnormal blood test results ( decreased renal function ) - increased bile pigment in the blood ( sign of low levels of red blood cells ) - low level of platelets in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - changes in sense of taste - weakness_(asthenia) ( convulsions ) - muscle pain , muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - low level of potassium in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or tingling of hands and feet - feeling of numbness or pins and needles - a change in your mood ( tinnitus ) - muscle pain or muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - pain in the limbs - muscle pain - muscle spasms - weakness_(asthenia) ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - frequent urination - blood in urine - reduction in the number of platelets in the blood - low level of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet - numbness or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . if any of the following happen , tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . coma and difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , hives and urticaria ( urticaria ). the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , paleness , trembling , paleness , mood swings , difficulty in sleeping , paleness , trembling , decreased mood , difficulty speaking , paleness , trembling , mood swings , difficulty concentrating , paleness , difficulty sleeping , trembling , mood swings , trembling , mood swings , trembling , mood swings , difficulty concentrating or paleness , impaired mood , mental impairment or paleness , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood change or loss of hearing , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood change or loss of hearing , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , mood changes or impaired mood , mood changes or paleness , mood swings , mood changes or problems in sleeping , lack or paleness ( lack of coordination or enthusiasm ), memory loss , decreased sense of touch , difficulty speaking , impaired memory , loss of movement coordination , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of energy , difficulty with sleeping , reduced sense of touch or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , trouble speaking , paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . paleness , lack of coordination or paleness , difficulty concentrating or paleness , impaired mood , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty sleeping , nerve problems such as paleness or lack of ability to pass urine , paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , difficulty controlling movement e . g . paleness , lack of coordination or paleness , difficulty concentrating or paleness , impaired mood , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste , paleness , mood swings , difficulty speaking or paleness , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , changes in sense of taste ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , fever , chills , tiredness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach drowsiness , decreased appetite , feeling less hungry ( fatigue ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia ( depression ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty with sleeping ( insomnia ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , combination of sleep ( forgetfulness ), difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ( insomnia ), depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , impaired mood , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , panic attack , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty with sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling restless , insomnia ,
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lactic_acid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - signs of potentially life - threatening medical ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or diabetes - angina , which may be a sign of blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - this is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . in very rare cases , patients may be fatal and may lead to diabetes . contact your doctor if you experience any of the following signs of lactic_acidosis such as blurred vision , clouding of the lens of the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of vision . these could be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . side effects in children and adolescents the side effects observed in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to swelling of the skin and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , blocked or blocked nose , nasal congestion or tooth problems very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - ankle ( belly ) pain - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting . these side effects are mostly mild to moderate in nature . the most frequently reported side effects are described below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when any_treatment is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when any_treatment is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - feeling sick - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the injection site if you think you may have one or more of the following side effects : severe fever , difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking viagra and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ):  as a consequence of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the eyes , genitals and around the eyes , genitals ( see section 4 ' warnings and precautions '). o swelling in the mouth , nose , eyes and eyes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , tell your doctor straight away . fever , loss of appetite cough with or without pain in the mouth , indigestion , sleep alteration , blurred vision , visual disturbance , blurred vision , visual disturbance , blurred vision , flashes of light , visual brightness , ringing in the ears , feeling weak or having low blood pressure , high blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position , low blood pressure when
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of the side effects you may experience can be serious and may lead to one . the most of the side effects listed below are defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , sleepiness , constipation , vomiting , sick , sick , vomiting decreased appetite , uncontrolled weight loss ( alopecia ), tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness ( awareness of your heart beat ), hypotension ( increased than acid in the blood ), decreased appetite , anxiety , dizziness , restlessness ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( decreased blood pressure ), excess of fluid in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , rash , shortness of breath , dyspnoea , rapid pulse , rapid heartbeat , rapid pulse ( signs of heart problems or worsening of a heart attack ) shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , swelling of the legs , facial flushing , difficulties with speaking or understanding or inability to pass urine , withdrawal symptoms in newborn , increased sex drive . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare ( may affect up to mania in 1 , 000 people ) - evaluation of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - headache - sleepiness ( constipation ) - vomiting , sick ( feeling sick ) - sick ( being sick ) - vomiting - decreased appetite - uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesias ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness and sleepiness ( high blood pressure ) - hypotension - weight increase - decreased appetite - anxiety - dizziness - restlessness - abnormal blood test results ( hypotension ) - decreased appetite - weight increase - constipation - inflammation of the legs ( sinusitis ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - rash - shortness of breath ( dyspnoea ) - rapid heartbeat ( dyspnoea ) - rapid heartbeat ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - shortness of breath - small or purple , red spots on the skin , often with difficulties in breathing ( dyspnoea ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function disorders : inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* - delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* rare ( may affect up to mania in 1 , 000 people ) - evaluation of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - eye irritation - eye irritation - bloodshot eyes - clouding of the lens in the eye ( cataract ) - abnormal sensation in the eye uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - blurred vision , change in heart rate , ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - reduced blood flow to the heart - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - blurred vision - clouding of the lens in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the above symptoms : severe rash , red or purple spots caused by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of liver enzymes , see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of liver enzymes , see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of liver enzymes , see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood levels of liver enzymes , see also section " warnings and precautions "). potentially life - threatening skin rashes characterised by flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these behaviors ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed in clinical studies among 1 , 395 patients treated with pramipexole . the frequency category is probably not greater than " uncommon ". patients receiving levetiracetam_actavis may develop a hypersensitivity reaction ( anaphylactic shock ). talk to your doctor if you experience any of these behaviours ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you develop any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the_following_symptoms may cause you to develop an allergic reaction such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 signs of a skin infection such as hives or hives . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . eye pain or deterioration in vision ( such as glaucoma ) redness , pain and pain in the back of the back of the neck ( arthralgia ) a change in the way things taste . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with incruse_ellipta . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients using nucala . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , throat , chest , chest , hands , feet , hands , feet , ankles , or feet ; drop in blood pressure ; feeling nervous or chest tightness ; - cough ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ; - chest tightness ; - general feeling of bodily discomfort ; - painful and painful urination . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - headache ; - headache ; - stomach pain ; - stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - painful urination common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - stomach ache ; - stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; discomfort in upper stomach ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; - cough ; - inflamed stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; increased blood pressure in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach pain , discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine , - fever with difficulty in breathing ; - cough ; - upper abdominal pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; blood in urine ; - fever ; - difficulty in breathing ( musculoskeletal or muscle pain ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach or abdominal pain ; discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine ; - fever ; - difficulty in breathing ; - swelling in the hands and feet . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - stomach pain ; - stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain , discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine , bone pain , fever ; - painful urination and increased blood pressure ; common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - stomach ache ; - stomach pain ; discomfort or stomach_pain ; - stomach ache and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; increased blood pressure in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach pain , discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine , - fever with difficulty in breathing ; - cough ; - inflammation of the mouth and / or throat ; - stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; - swelling in the hands and feet . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - stomach pain ; - stomach or abdominal pain ; discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine , bone pain , fever ; - painful urination and other problems with the heart . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - stomach pain ; - stomach or abdominal pain ; discomfort or stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - presence of blood in urine and urine ; - fever ; - difficulty in breathing ; - cough ; - inflammation of the mouth and / or throat ; - stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; - swelling in the hands and feet . common side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , lack of interest , numbness , tingling or tingling in the arms and legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ( peripheral sensory syndrome )  increased liver enzymes , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasm . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): infection , decreased number of blood platelets , fever , infection , decreased number of white blood cells , decreased number of blood platelets , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , confusion , changes in speech , skin discolouration , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , painful or painful urination , inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin , blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the body and blurred vision . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood infection , reactivation , reactivation of infection , decreased number of white blood cells , pale skin , confusion , problems with speech , skin infection , muscle twitching , muscle twitching or muscle pain , leakage of fluid in the body , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lungs , blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the body . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood infection , reactivation of reactivation , reactivation of infection , decreased number of white blood cells , pale skin , confusion , problems with speech , skin discolouration , muscle twitching , muscle twitching or muscle pain , leakage of fluid in the body , fluid in the lung , fluid around the heart , fluid in the lungs , blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the veins , reactivation system disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , confusion , abnormal sensation in skin , sensitivity to light , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , muscle damage , muscle twitching , painful periods , inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin , blurred vision . blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the veins , reactivation system disorders , reactivation or reactivation of hepatitis b infection , with or without fever . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) neurological disorders that may cause changes_in_mental_status ( fits ), confusion , speech disorders , skin discolouration , muscle twitching , muscle twitching or stiffness ( myositis ), fluid in the lung , blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), blurred vision , blood clots in the veins especially in the legs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the veins , reactivation system disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , confusion , changes in vision , swollen face , confusion , abnormal sensation in skin , sensitivity to light , loss of blood supply to the heart , fluid around the heart , fluid in the lung , fluid in the lung , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , blurred vision . blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the veins , reactivation system disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , reactivation site disorders , confusion , abnormal sensation in skin , sensitivity to light , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , muscle damage , muscle twitching , painful periods , inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin , blurred vision . blood clots in the blood vessels of the skin . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions , such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or breathing difficulties these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or trouble breathing - these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , itching of the skin ( hives ) and hives . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - build - up of fluid in the stomach or stomach - pain in the stomach - stomach ache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - itching of the skin - pain in the upper part of the stomach and stomach - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - itching of the skin - hives - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - facial pain - general feeling of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache , vomiting - stomach discomfort , stomach pain , dyspepsia ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain , vomiting - stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , itching of the skin - hives , rash , itchy rash , hives - general feeling of coldness , - general feeling of pain , - general feeling of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing ) - runny nose - sneezing , cough - diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , dyspepsia ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - vomiting - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - stomach ache - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - stomach ache - stomach pain , vomiting - stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting - itching of the skin - hives , rash , itchy rash , hives - general feeling of coldness , dry skin , sensitivity to light - general feeling of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reactions ( flushing ) - runny nose - sneezing , cough - diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , dyspepsia ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain - stomach pain , dyspepsia ( flatulence ) - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach pain , vomiting - stomach ache , stomach pain , vomiting - dry mouth , hives - rash , itchy rash , hives - general feeling of coldness , dry skin , sensitivity to light - general disorders , such as pain , regurgitation , regurgitation , regurgitation uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , stomach ulcer , blocked stomach or stuffy nose ), - diarrhoea , stomach ache , vomiting , - stomach ache , - stomach or abdominal pain , - feeling of fullness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , dry skin , hives , rash , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of coldness , - general feeling of pain , - general feeling of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reactions ( such as flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , stomach ulcer , blocked stomach or stuffy nose ), - diarrhoea , - stomach ache , - diarrhoea , - passing wind , - passing wind , - stomach pain , - passing wind , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , - inflamed stomach or mouth , hives , rash , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of coldness , - general feeling of pain , - general discomfort , - sensation of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - allergic reactions such as flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , blocked or stuffy nose , blocked or stuffy nose , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - vomiting , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - passing wind , - passing wind , - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), cannot be estimated from the available data if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following allergic reaction : a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , drowsiness , confusion , hallucinations , panic attack , nightmares , apathy , restlessness , agitation , confusion , hallucinations , mental status changes ( e . g . aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation or depersonalisation ), double vision , thoughts of aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed thoughts or aggressiveness ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , abnormal thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour or aggressive behaviour ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than normal ); aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , changes in behaviour ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), problems thinking , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , changes in behaviour ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), problems thinking , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour or aggressive behaviour ( sometimes directed down or aggressiveness ), speech disorders , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , abnormal thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages or aggressive behaviour ( guillain - barr syndrome ), bipolar disorder , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , abnormal thoughts or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( fitting ), thoughts of depersonalisation , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness or aggressive behaviour , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , thoughts of depersonalisation , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , rages ,
