like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to your coma and get worse . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - tiredness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells in your blood ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a substance produced by the adrenal gland ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious liver problems . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . signs of liver problems include : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , itchy skin , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , itchy skin , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes o dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating , anaphylactic shock , itchy rash and rash . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms may include swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating , anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a sign of liver problems such as rash , itchy skin and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) have also been observed with novonorm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating , anaphylactic reactions , itchy rash and rash . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing , sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ), itchy rash and rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . symptoms may include rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) have also been observed with novonorm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing , sweating , serious allergic reactions , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) have also been observed with novonorm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): itchy rash and rash . increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood . increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) have also been reported with novonorm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating , serious allergic reactions , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) have also been observed with novonorm . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ). feeling dizzy or worsening vision problems such as blurred vision , double vision , visual loss , sweating , anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in liver enzymes : hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( venous thromboembolism ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - injection site pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - bleeding or bruising where the injection is given - flu - like symptoms - feeling sick or being sick - stomach pain - feeling sick or sick - stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain or swelling - a reaction where the injection is given - bleeding or bruising at the injection site - injection site reactions ( such as itching , itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - feeling dizzy or being sick - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain - muscle pain - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - injection site pain - redness , itching or swelling where the injection is given - itching or bruising where the injection is given - skin rash - joint pain muscle spasms - pain - redness or swelling at the injection site
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include : itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia) ) and / or a fever ( may be seen in tests performed by your doctor ) bruising , unusual bruising , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea and nausea . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be severe and may lead to bruising and bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ). if you have a cough , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with a red rash or raised bumps . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( e . g . fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness ) as this may be a sign of low level of calcium in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and what to do if you experience such symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be severe and may lead to bruising and bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) headache loss of appetite weakness , breathlessness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), stomach ache , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , which may be accompanied by fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) which can cause fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) which can cause fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . low levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) which can cause fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness . these may be signs of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the side effects above , tell your doctor as soon as possible . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling very tired common cold sore sore throat , sore throat or difficulty in swallowing feeling of pressure or pain in your cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of inflammation of the sinuses , sinusitis , headache , pain in the upper abdomen ) sinusitis ( sinusitis ) headache pain in the upper abdomen or throat dry mouth inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) headache pain in the upper abdomen or throat dry mouth inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) headache pain in the upper abdomen , throat or back fever uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat faster heart beat high or low blood pressure flushing coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision visual disturbance such as seeing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing or nasal congestion ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing when passing urine more often when you stand up ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil ( see also above , in this section ) dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of serious allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infections ( serious allergic reaction ) signs include : swollen face , throat or tongue severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects could be serious . if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain and arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hives ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects are : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hives ) allergic reaction ( such as hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reaction which may cause swelling of the face or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reaction which may cause swelling of the face or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reaction which may cause swelling of the face or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , such as diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( hives ) allergic reaction ( hives ) allergic reaction ( such as hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin rash other possible side effects other side effects are listed below . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( platelets ) - infection - headaches - tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , tiredness , back pain , joint pain , back pain , - bone pain , - pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , - bruising or pain in your arms or legs ( signs of musculoskeletal problems ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - skin rashes ( including joint pain ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - bone pain - bruising or discolouration at the injection site - pain in arms or legs ( musculoskeletal pain ) - reduction in blood platelets ( anaemia ) - nausea - vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness or fainting - injection site pain - injection site pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness - fainting - blood clots in the veins - pain in the abdomen ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness - fainting - blood clots in the veins - pain in the abdomen - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting - blood clots in the veins in the legs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting - blood clots in the veins in the legs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting - blood clots in the veins in the legs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - blood in urine - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bruising or discolouration - bleeding ( haemorrhage ) - flu - like symptoms - blood in the urine - decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness - dizziness - light - headedness - fainting - blood clots in the veins - pain in the abdomen ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain - low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting - blood clots in the veins in the legs - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain , pain in limbs ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - bone pain
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of having something in the penis feeling of burning in the vagina headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation of the throat and / or throat ( which may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation in the area around the vagina . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause irritation or irritation in the area around the vagina . this is uncommon . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache at the injection site if you get any of the side effects listed below , tell your doctor straight away . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes , itching or itchy skin these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with tingling lips ; rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_tad ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_tad ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_tad ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_tad ); swelling in the mouth ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , - passing wind , - constipation , - passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , - passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing gas or passing wind , - passing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common problems of diabetes a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea low blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection low blood pressure ( hypertension ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting vomiting nausea rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea constipation rash rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea constipation rash rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking tiredness ( tiredness ) feeling weak common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking tiredness ( tiredness ) feeling weak common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea constipation rash rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of appetite low blood pressure ( hypertension ) muscle pain or weakness in the arms and legs ( oedema peripheral ) increase of pressure in the eye ( membrane ) which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea vomiting rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic allergic reactions ( wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), dizziness , headache , joint swelling , back tightness , fever , nausea , fatigue and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure which could be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in 10 ): headache , joint swelling , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ). if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( these may occur with up to 1 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally hives ) have been reported . if any of these symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 years of patients ): the following symptoms are : fever , hives , generally feeling unwell . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . a rash , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects more than 7 days in 100 ): allergic reactions including rash , hives , generally feeling unwell . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ). if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported in clinical studies in children and adolescents of 7 to 7 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . some of these side effects may be severe . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 years of patients ): the following additional side effects have been reported during clinical trials in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the following symptoms are : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 years of patients ): the following additional side effects have been reported during clinical trials in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the following symptoms are : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most commonly reported side effect is 7 to 7 days of 7 years of patients who have received previous treatment with a vaccine such as fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most commonly reported side effect was 7 to 7 days after 7 years of treatment . the following symptoms are : fever , joint swelling , back pain , pain in extremity , fever , fatigue and nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ). if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . side effects reported in clinical studies in children and adolescents of 7 years of age or less are similar to those seen in adults . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). a wide decrease in the number of fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most commonly reported side effect is 7 to 7 days of 7 years of patients who have received the following symptoms : fever , swelling , tenderness , headache and dizziness . the most commonly reported side effect was 7 to 7 days after 7 years of treatment . the following symptoms are : fever , joint swelling , back pain , pain in extremity , fever , fatigue and nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as fever , breathing difficulties , difficult or shallow breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or tightness in your chest , difficulty swallowing or breathing , itchy rash or hives , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problems ) such as yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or bruising ( see section mucous_membranes ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or throat , bruising , swelling or sores in your mouth and throat ( pancreatitis ) as these may indicate difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be associated with bleeding or bruising more easily than normal , bruising , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat ( pancreatitis ), as these may indicate difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be associated with bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by bruising , swelling or sores in your mouth and throat ( pancreatitis ), as these may indicate difficulties in swallowing . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of melanoma ) which may be life threatening and lead to kidney problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include yellowing of your skin or whites of your eyes , dark ( tea coloured ) urine , with or without dark urine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful skin - sore throat - headache - a high temperature this may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful skin - sore throat - headache - a high temperature this may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of a blood infection , such as fever , breathing difficulties , sore throat or headache , as these may be signs of a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ) - blood clots in the veins of the lung ( pulmonary embolism ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( pancreatitis ) - dark coloured urine , with or without yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( pancreatitis ) - dark coloured urine , with or without yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - dark coloured urine , with or without yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - dark coloured urine , with or without yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - kidney failure - worsening of a condition called pure red cell aplasia ( affect_the_lungs ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat and headache . - blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels that can affect your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) - peeling of the skin ( jaundice ) - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( pancreatitis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome ( a type of severe skin and mucous membranes reaction that may be life - threatening ) - peeling of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat and headache . - blood clots in the veins of the blood vessels that can affect your lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 24 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , painful joints , incontinence ( especially in women ), numbness or tingling sensation in the arms and legs ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( constipation ) 24 rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 24 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people chest pain ( angina pectoris ) heart problems which can cause symptoms such as runny nose and sore throat inflammation of the sinuses ( candidiasis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( candidiasis ) runny nose skin irritation ( cellulitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) rash itchy skin rash ( hives ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) skin rash ( itchy ) rash ( pruritus ) purple skin ( pruritus ) skin inflammation ( dermatitis ) skin disorder ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data cancer of the lung cancer ( melanoma ) other possible side effects of rasagiline_mylan include : decreased appetite , confusion , hallucinations , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps , joint pain , bone pain , painful limbs swelling of legs , arms or legs ( oedema peripheral ), numbness or tingling sensation in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) weight increase weight increase . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , painful joints infection of the bones , numbness or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( constipation ) 24 rare : the following may affect up to 1 in 24 people chest pain ( angina pectoris ) symptoms of which may include runny nose , inflammation of the mouth and throat ( angioedema ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( candidiasis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) runny nose inflammation of the sinuses ( thrush ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) rash of the skin ( erythema ) muscle spasm pain when passing urine ( dysuria ) numbness or tingling sensation in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) weight increase loss of appetite confusion , hallucinations , joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in the arms or legs ( oedema ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ) runny nose inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 4 " what you need to know before you take this combination of drugs to control your blood pressure ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 4 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - scarring of the lungs - inflammation of the pancreas which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness or heart_attack , heart attack or irregular heart beat , - heart attack , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick or fever , signs of infection or respiratory disorders , such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg pains - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or changes in your vision , or leg and leg pain . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent bruising , bruising , bleeding or bleeding without your nose - feeling weak or tired ; signs of nerve problems such as feeling weak , tired or coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg pain ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as burning on urination , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as burning on urination , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as feeling less hungry , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as feeling less hungry , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , or feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems such as feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , or feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : wheezing or breathing difficulties symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing , breathing difficulties or wheezing , symptoms of high blood pressure , low blood pressure , angina shortness of breath with or without symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux from the stomach , stomach pain , inflammation of the lungs , breathing difficulties or wheezing , which could be symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia ( feeling sick ), nausea , retching , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation , constipation , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the body , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin , raised lumps on the skin or raised bumps on the skin , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin , raised lumps on the skin or raised bumps on the skin increase of certain enzymes in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , insomnia , insomnia , feeling sick ( nausea ), retching , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , indigestion , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , itching swelling of the skin increase of certain enzymes in your blood ( clot in the blood ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , reflux of stomach discomfort , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , reflux of stomach discomfort , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin increase of certain enzymes in your blood ( clot in your blood tests ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , reflux of stomach discomfort , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or other parts of the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , redness of the skin increase of certain enzymes in your blood ( clot in your blood tests ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , reflux of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain , shortness of breath or chest pain - fever - flu - like symptoms . these can be symptoms of heart problems , chest pain , shortness of breath or chest pain - fever - flu - like symptoms . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - skin rash , which may be accompanied by peeling and peeling of the top layer of the body ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs of heart problems such as shortness of breath or chest pain - fever - flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - feeling tired or tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters and / or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - heart problems ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - blisters and peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also section 2 ). - if you experience shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort or other signs of severe allergic reaction ( common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - feeling tired or tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - heart problems ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters and / or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - symptoms of skin reactions such as blisters , peeling and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience signs of heart problems such as shortness of breath or chest pain or discomfort - severe breathing problems as these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters and / or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired , weight loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and cancer . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the cancer medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - drowsiness - rapid weight gain - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - discoloured stools - fatigue - back pain - inability to sleep , nightmare , memory impairment , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , irritability , nervousness , difficulty concentrating , abnormal thinking , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , problems with balance , drowsiness , difficulty with speaking or understanding others , difficulty sleeping , tremor - ringing in the ears , drowsiness , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rate , nose bleeds - cough , shortness of breath or asthma , collection of fluid in the lungs , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests - redness of the skin , itching , pain in extremity , muscle spasms , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms ( signs of urination ) - pain in the back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms ( signs of urination ) - pain in extremity , feeling cold , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( asthma ) - ringing in the ears , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ) - diarrhoea , upset stomach , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), hair loss , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms ( signs of fatigue ) - pain in extremity , feeling cold , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ) - difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness ( signs of fatigue ) - pain in the back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back pain , muscle spasms ( signs of urination ) - pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - nervousness , tremor or inability to sleep , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , fungal infections , fatigue , back pain , - abnormal liver function tests , eye_pain , memory impairment , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , change in mental status , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , problems with balance , tremor , difficulty with speaking , tremor , abnormal sensation in the eye , drowsiness , ringing in the ears , changes in skin colour , dry eye , itching , pain in the extremities , muscle spasms , joint pain , back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms ( signs of urination ) - pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty sleeping , fatigue , pain in the extremities , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , swelling of hands , feet or ankles , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , swelling of hands , feet or ankles , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , swelling of hands , feet or ankles , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , swelling of hands , feet or ankles , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ), diarrhoea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most important side effects of forxiga include the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . if you have shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , changes in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to your doctor if you have ear problems , such as shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , changes in vision , unusual eye movement , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : thrush or thrush of the skin , such as irritation , itching , unusual itching or pain in your muscles , back or back , back pain , passing water ( urine ), passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle pain , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , known as fatigue ) at the injection site , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , sinus infection , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low level of phosphate in the blood , fatigue , chest pain , low appetite , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , high blood pressure ( symptoms may include nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( common ), fatigue ( at the injection site ), weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , itching , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , itching , redness and itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , itching , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , itching , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , burning , burning , burning sensation , itching , redness and itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , sinus congestion , difficulty sleeping , rapid breathing , rapid heartbeat , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , itching , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , burning sensation , burning , pricking , burning , burning sensation , pricking , burning , burning sensation , itching , itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - chest pain - discomfort - discomfort or discomfort in the centre of the mouth , tongue or tongue - discomfort - dry mouth - acne - skin rash - hair loss - acne skin skin skin skin skin reactions ( acne ) - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin rash , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin rash , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin reactions , acne - skin redness , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin redness , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin , acne - skin redness , hair loss , acne skin skin skin reactions , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne skin skin skin reactions , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin skin redness , acne skin redness , acne skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be severe and may lead to 65 . contact your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest swelling and chest pain . these reactions can be a sign of an allergic reaction . the signs may include difficulty breathing , feeling less hungry , energy , chills , shivering , feeling difficulty , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor will tell you what to do if you notice any of the side effects above . this may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction which may include a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor will advise you how to treat any changes in your liver enzymes or faeces . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes or bleeding in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will decide whether your treatment will be stopped . - your doctor will monitor your heart function regularly and will give you how to give treatment . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or chest pain - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - low blood pressure - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . - if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your hole_in_the_gall_bladder , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( symptoms of abdominal pain or chest pain ), - an allergic reaction . - a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether it may be a sign of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with bevacizumab . - severe allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , chest pain - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal pain . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether it may be a sign of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - yellowing of the skin or the whites of your stomach ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) or constipation . - if you experience any of the above signs or symptoms below , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - low blood pressure - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain . - if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( symptoms may include difficulty breathing , breathlessness , visual disturbances , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness ) - a severe condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills or extreme tiredness . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience signs of a blood infection , such as fever , chills or other signs of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath or changes in your breathing , - confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a combination of a blood infection , such as fever , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - a severe infection , - fever , chills or other signs of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , - nausea and vomiting , diarrhoea , - loss of appetite , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience a combination of a blood infection , such as fever , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( symptoms include breathlessness , chills , disorientation , or finding it difficult to concentrate ) - irregular heartbeat - irregular heartbeat - swelling of your face and lips , breathlessness and / or difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - a severe infection , such as fever , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms may include breathlessness , chills , or other flu like symptoms . - sore throat , mouth ulcers , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , or loss of appetite . - severe symptoms of an infection such as fever , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your pain_in_the_chest and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be life - threatening . - symptoms of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - a severe infection , - fever , chills or other signs of infection such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking januvia and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - hives , rash , itching all over the the_skin , skin peeling , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , stomach discomfort , nausea , constipation , flatulence 64 64 , stomach ache , stomach ache , nausea , constipation , flatulence 64 64 , stomach ache , stomach ache , nausea , constipation , flatulence 64 64 , stomach ache , stomach ache , nausea , constipation , flatulence ( 64 ), stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg pain , metformin or metformin , itching , rash , arm or leg pain , joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your diabetes . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the following signs of low blood sugar : hypoglycaemia low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . signs of low blood sugar are : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , nausea , feeling sick , feeling drowsy or tired , high blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on a short time . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . signs of low blood sugar may include cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), feeling tired or tired . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of these signs or signs of a low blood sugar these signs of a low blood sugar : the warning signs of high blood sugar may include cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , nausea , feeling sick , feeling drowsy or tired , high blood pressure when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on a short time . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you are given fluids , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you come round . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most frequently occurring side effects of giotrif are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last giotrif injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your severe_diarrhoea , as well as a_rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , or rash , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , severe itching , fever , or enlarged lymph nodes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , a type of fever with itching and itching of the skin , with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), which could be severe and life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - if you experience peeling of the skin or eyes and / or dark urine ( stevens - johnson syndrome
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain or stomach pain ( stomach pain ), nausea , loss of appetite ( signs of liver problems ) nausea , loss of appetite ( signs of liver problems ) nausea , loss of appetite ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of your liver or the whites of your liver , as these may indicate liver problems such as liver failure or rash . the other side effects have been observed with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness and pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of appetite ( nausea ), abdominal pain ( stomach pain ), stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood , increased liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in tests ) nausea ( loss of appetite ) stomach ( abdominal ) pain stomach and abdominal pain upper stomach pain liver problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) liver enzyme test which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( sign of liver problems ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth , ear or ear , ear or ear , blood in the urine blood in the urine , from the liver , increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) rash , raised levels of bilirubin produced by the liver increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of liver enzymes in the blood increase in liver enzymes in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of enzymes produced by the liver increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzymes ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the liver increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of liver enzymes in the blood increase in liver enzymes in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of enzymes produced by the liver increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash , raised levels of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests rash , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood hives uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth inflammation of the pancreas , obstruction of liver enzymes in the blood increase in the amount of enzymes in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) liver enzyme increase which may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the liver ( jaundice ) liver enzyme elevations which may affect up to 1 in 100 people : dizziness , spinning sensation in the mouth , ear or ear changes , blood in the urine , increase in the amount of enzymes produced by the liver ( shown in blood tests )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you develop symptoms such as : - rapid breathing - feeling very tired or having feeling short of breath or swallowing - feeling sick or nausea or diarrhoea - loss of appetite ; tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms : - infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , and dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness . these symptoms can be signs of infection such as : fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat and dizziness . tell your doctor as soon as possible
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be symptoms of a rash , swelling , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . heart problems : fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering and rash . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . heart problems : fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . heart problems : fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of heart attack , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . heart problems can also occur after you start taking
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions , which may cause breathlessness , chest pain or chest pain , which could be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) at the injection site reactions , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and pain have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). at the injection site reactions , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and pain have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and pain ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and pain ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and pain ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the start of treatment ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can also be severe and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are more likely to occur at the start of the first treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the injection site reactions , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can also be severe and require immediate medical attention . these reactions are very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include : pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection . these reactions can also be avoided by changing the first few weeks of your injection . they usually disappear within a few days to a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the above very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the injection site reactions including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection . these reactions can also be avoided by changing the first weeks of your injection . they usually disappear within a few days to a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the above very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects straight away : low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) pain , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( jaundice ) severe allergic reaction with or without a rash on the skin , which may progress to a severe allergic reaction , - confusion , hallucinations , fever and breathing problems , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , confusion , hallucinations , fever and breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction low blood sugar ( shown in blood tests ) pain , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( jaundice ) - very fast heartbeat , confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , and fast heartbeat . these may be signs of a blood clot in your muscle or lungs , chest pain , low blood pressure , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , fever or other signs of severe allergic reaction , or life - threatening skin rashes ( e . g . itchy skin , with a red skin , with a red rash or raised bumps on the skin ) as these may indicate serious conditions such as skin lesions , itchy or red spots on the skin , skin peeling , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin or skin lesions . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : very common : may affect more than 1 in 1000 people serious allergic reactions that may include : - low blood sugar , high blood levels of liver enzymes - pain in your arms and / or legs - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or red bumps on the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - itchy skin - red or purple spots under the skin - swelling of the face - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - red skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash (
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention : 7 or 7 days after 7 days after the injection . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given itching and swelling where the injection is given itching , swelling and / or warmth where the injection is given itching , swelling and warmth where the injection is given itching , swelling and warmth where the injection is given feeling very tired ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) warmth , itching where the injection is given pain , swelling and warmth where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and pain where the injection is given 17 than 5 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects . stop taking bondronat and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing - difficulty breathing - difficulty breathing - itching - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and call your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . - a small reduction in red blood cell count . - low level of potassium in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - low level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of potassium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - decreased level of calcium in your blood - decreased potassium in the blood - feeling dizzy or feeling dizzy - sore throat - mouth ulcers - mouth ulcers - mouth ulcers - arthritis - yellowing of your skin or the white part of your eyes or skin ( jaundice ) - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) or shivering - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have flu - like symptoms - changes in taste such as blurred or itchy urine - arthritis - like signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood - a fall in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - a drop in blood pressure when you stand up - arthritis - like signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood - a reduction in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can cause yellowing of the skin or eyes ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , - feeling of discomfort , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers . - infections of the stomach or intestine . - low level of potassium in your blood . - high levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in tests ) - low level of potassium in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) - decreased level of potassium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - decreased level of calcium in your blood ( hypokalaemia ) - decreased level of sodium in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - feeling dizzy or feeling anxious - sore throat - mouth ulcers - changes in taste - loss of appetite - sore throat - changes in taste - loss of taste - water retention - arthritis ( pruritus ) - sore throat - mouth ulcers - changes in the colour of your bone ( arthritis ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with bondronat . - a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take zeposia "): allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : blood tests may show : an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( shown in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the signs of liver problems may include : abnormal liver function tests ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : o a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or breathlessness , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : mucus_membrane_or_eyes_(jaundice) , light - headedness or breathlessness , blurred vision , see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood sugar levels ( in liver function ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction that may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . breathlessness , blurred vision , see also above , in this section ) if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection ( urinary tract infection ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( sinus infection ) high blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction that may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , blurred vision , see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of a sudden drop in blood pressure , wheezing , fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased cough . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - throat and throat irritation - these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening infection in the stomach or throat ( this may be a symptom of a urinary tract infection ) - blurred vision - the signs may include blurred vision , throat_infection - coloured , red , sore or painful patches on the lips or throat ( this may be a sign of a urinary tract infection ) - joint pain - back pain - constipation common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - sore or swollen mouth and throat ( nasopharyngitis ) - bleeding in the stomach or throat - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - joint pain - back pain - constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat ( fractures ) - fractures - side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking zinforo and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in your abdomen ( stomach area ) - feeling faint or nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising at the injection site - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or itching where the injection is given . - bruising at the injection site flu - like symptoms , such as fever and sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at the injection site - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat ( uncommon ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising at
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful ulcers . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) abnormal heart rhythm . inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : o strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences . o altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive . uncontrollable shopping or spending o binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your heart hunger ). tell your doctor if you experience muscle pain , absence of urine from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) unusual changes in the electrocardiogram ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to breast pain . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ) can occur . if you feel that your sexual life is affected , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( if you notice any of the side effects above , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hypertension ) high blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) and common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased appetite , flu - like symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , jaundice , hallucinations , memory impairment , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of consciousness , clumsiness , memory impairment or loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes be severe have been reported with zytiga . if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop using zytiga and tell your doctor immediately : rash , swelling of the face , lips or tongue , breathing difficulties as these may be signs of severe allergic reaction ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop using prednisolone and tell your doctor immediately : rash , swelling of your face or lips , breathing difficulties or chest tightness , which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions and rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( sepsis ) ( sepsis ) ( common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing , which could be a symptom of allergic reactions skin rash and rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience muscle pain or heart_failure , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or upon lying down or feeling tired or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , arm or leg pain , or leg pain . your doctor will tell you what to do if you experience any of the following signs of heart_failure : - blood in your urine or urine - bruising or bruising - bleeding or paleness more easily than normal . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus pneumonia and pneumonia ) - headache - nausea and vomiting - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - passing wind ( abdominal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers - abnormal liver function tests - dry mouth - itching of the skin - itching ( pruritus ) - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( fatigue ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection and pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn ( stomach distension ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal liver function tests - dry mouth - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( fatigue ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection and pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn ( stomach distension ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal liver function tests - dry mouth - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( fatigue ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection and pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn ( stomach distension ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal liver function tests - dry mouth - itching - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( fatigue ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - oedema ( low blood count ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using ritemvia and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : infusion - related reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . you will be observed for a health care professional during the infusion and for at least 24 hours after the start of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or infection , such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( common ), itchy , runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or discomfort in your stomach ( abdomen ), feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - loss of appetite ( anorexia ), - tiredness ( fatigue ), - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating . - increased sweating
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills or other severe infections ( seen commonly ) 4 infection ( pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ) hand - like symptoms , such as pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest ( hand - foot ) or hand - like foot syndrome : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the chest , such as pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience chest pain or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the chest , such as pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . 38 or other signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience chest pain or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the chest , such as pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). if you experience any of these symptoms : 38 or other organisms : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . see your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . see your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . as this could be a sign of a problem with your spleen . 38 if you had pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . see your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems : nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . if you have stomatitis , pain , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience any of these signs : 38 or if you notice signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 , if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . breathing problems such as nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . stomatitis : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of weakness or weak ( especially if you feel weak or dizzy ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose ( rhinitis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reaction where the injection is given such as rash , itching , hives and rash caused by a medicine abnormal results of liver function tests rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat difficulty in breathing ( dizziness ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction ), back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or a feeling of tiredness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to death or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , may affect up to 1 in 100 people . urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( drug reaction ), back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness or in the abdomen ( signs of bowel problems ). some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these side effects become severe , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , numbness , tingling or tingling ). bleeding may occur as bleeding in the brain . in clinical studies with factor viii medicines , the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) inhibitor development for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately allergic reactions as symptoms may include : dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling . bleeding may occur . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or bleeding . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled pain , confusion , seizures , convulsions , convulsions , fever , chills or other signs of severe_headache ( e . g . nausea and vomiting ) - difficulty in passing stools or abdominal pain - fever - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . itching , rash , skin_swelling , skin_swelling ). - abnormal liver function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in the number of all blood cells , in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may develop a reduction in the number of white blood cells and in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , excessive sweating , - confusion , seizures , memory loss , - abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling - yellow skin or eyes , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe pain in the abdomen and / or jaw , which may cause severe pain in the abdomen and / or back , which may cause severe pain in the upper right side of the mouth or soles of your feet and sores in the mouth and / or jaw . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or feeling very cold , - nausea or vomiting , - difficulty in breathing , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue . - swelling of the hands , soles of your feet ( peripheral oedema ). - swelling of the hands , soles of your feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe pain in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause severe pain in the upper right side of the mouth or soles of your feet and sores in the mouth and / or throat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , - shivering , - shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat . - swelling of the hands , soles of your feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe pain in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause severe pain in the upper right side of the mouth or soles of your feet and sores in the mouth and / or throat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , - shivering , - shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat . - swelling of the hands , soles of your feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or shivering , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause severe and life - threatening allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), - swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux of muscle , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , rapid heartbeat , and low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , rapid heartbeat , or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in urine , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , nose bleed , blood in the urine , increased sweating , hives , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), yellowing of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect is hypoglycaemia ( see also section 2 ): hypoglycaemia ( a very rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or anaphylactic shock . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach ache ; increased liver enzymes in the blood changes in how your liver is working hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) rash , rash itchy rash other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( see section 2 ). hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as itchy rash , rash , itchy rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) feeling dizzy or worsening of breathing problems such as : feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) abnormal liver function tests : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) rash , itchy rash other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , dry skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) and anaphylactic shock ( see also " warnings and precautions ") very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) feeling dizzy or faint ( somnolence ) feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase , increased aspartate aminotransferase , hypersensitivity ) - allergic reaction ( e . g . itchy skin , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma ) - feeling dizzy ( asthenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( increased aspartate aminotransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - anaphylactic shock ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - visual disturbances - blurred vision - coma - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - yellow skin ( rash ) - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - anaphylactic shock ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - visual disturbances - blurred vision - coma - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - itchy skin - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - anaphylactic shock ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the levels of white blood cells - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale or pale skin - pale or shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , loss of consciousness , - loss of consciousness , - loss of consciousness , - fever , chills , shivering or shivering these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , which may be life - threatening . - low blood pressure , which could make you feel pain or swelling in your arms and legs , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your arms and legs , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your arms and legs , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your arms and legs , or abdominal pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - joint swelling - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - muscle pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite - loss of appetite muscle spasms - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - joint pain - stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( low blood pressure ) runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood , muscle twitching . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , palpitations , low blood pressure , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , hot flush , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , skin rash , itching , generalised rash , difficulty breathing , changes in urine colour , increased sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , changes in vision including eye sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , changes in vision including eye sensitivity to light , loss of consciousness , changes in heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of face or throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of nose , throat or tongue , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , night sweats , swelling of the face , tongue or throat , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , difficulty in breathing , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased heart rate and palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat tightness , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , difficulty in breathing , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , difficulty in breathing , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( low blood pressure ) chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat tightness , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , upset stomach , abnormal taste , abnormal sensation in the mouth or throat , throat pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( low blood pressure ), chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat tightness , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( low blood pressure ) blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of nose , throat or throat , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( low blood pressure ) blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling in your arms and legs , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , nasal_dryness palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , throat tightness , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , increased saliva production , weight loss , ringing in the ears , palpitations ( low blood pressure ) chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the throat , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your nplate . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like syndrome , upper respiratory tract infection , - sore throat , runny nose ( rhinorrhoea ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - diarrhoea , constipation , stomach discomfort , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , dry skin - rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), - diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( erythema ), headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash , itching of the skin ( erythema ), erythema ( dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting - stomach upset - anorexia ( constipation ) - constipation - contusion - dry skin - rash - itching of the skin ( erythema ) - erythema ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema ) - joint_pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting - stomach upset - anorexia ( constipation ) - constipation - contusion - dry skin - rash - itching of the skin ( erythema ) - erythema ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema ) - joint_pain - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting - stomach upset - anorexia ( constipation ) - constipation - contusion - dry skin - rash - itching of the skin ( erythema ) - erythema ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting - stomach upset - anorexia ( constipation ) - constipation - contusion - dry skin - rash - itching of the skin ( erythema ) - erythema ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting - stomach upset - anorexia ( constipation ) - constipation - contusion - dry skin - rash - itching of the skin ( erythema ) - erythema ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a severe condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fat in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , which may be signs of lactic acidosis ( see also section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) these are the signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fat in the blood because the copd is common ); cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting , which may be signs of lactic acidosis ( see also section 2 ). if you experience any of these effects , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( common , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( shown in blood tests ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale or nosebleeds - coughing up blood - runny nose - abdominal pain - constipation - indigestion - diarrhoea - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - being short of breath ( hypotension ) - high temperature ( hypotension ) - being short of breath ( common ) - chest pain - chest pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - abdominal pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) diarrhoea diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain loss of appetite stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea pain in the stomach or abdomen stomach pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain , joint pain 34 weight loss 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abdominal pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , headache , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , joint pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , urinary tract infection , stomach discomfort , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , breast infection , joint infection , joint pain , 34 dizziness , headache , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ), stomach upset , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , 34 dizziness , dizziness , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , joint pain , joint pain , 34 dizziness , dizziness , palpitations ( low blood pressure ) - joint pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , pain in arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), joint pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or abdomen , abdominal pain , difficulty in swallowing , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abdominal pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the sinuses , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal sensation in the mouth , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , 34 dizziness , dizziness , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , joint pain , joint pain , 34 dizziness , dizziness 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , decreased number of platelets in the blood ( sinusitis ), stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint_pain / flu - like illness , dizziness , inflammation of the sinuses , abnormal sensation in the mouth , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), joint pain , joint pain , pain in arms or legs , flu - like symptoms , inflammation of the mouth , mouth ulcers , infection of the throat , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), joint pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), stomach pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , pain in the arms or legs , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , fatigue and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction , - if you develop a fever , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , magnesium , potassium , magnesium or magnesium rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or eye swelling . - if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of zoledronic_acid_hospira , seek medical advice immediately . - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your lungs as well as arthritis and limpness , as these may indicate difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of fever , faster breathing , redness of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - sudden coldness with fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain , difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infections ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat pain and difficulty in breathing ( including difficulty breathing or swallowing ), wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ) candidiasis ( a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ) urinary tract infection , such as headache , fast heart beat , cough , stuffy nose , hoarseness , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea and / or vomiting ( gastroenteritis ) loss of appetite muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , fever , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , itching , rash , muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , itching , rash , rash , muscle pain , bone pain , pain in limbs , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , pain , itching , rash , muscle pain , muscle cramps , pain in limbs , bone pain or pain ( including pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , skin rash , difficulty in breathing , or blood in the urine ( signs of dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis , ( see also section 2 ): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in the blood . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache feeling tired feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired loss of appetite feeling tired or lack of energy ( fatigue ) changes in levels of liver enzymes in your blood common ( may affect up to in 10 people ): dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), feeling tired loss of appetite feeling tired in the arms and legs ( shown in tests ) high levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) 45 irritability , anxiety , depression , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the skin , pain or pain in your arms and / or legs , as these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the lungs , which may be accompanied by irritability and anxiety , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or low blood pressure , changes in behaviour , inflammation of the eye , pain or pain in your arms and / or legs ( fractures ), blood in the urine , low blood pressure , inflammation of the lungs , pain or fractures , blood in the urine , increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) 45 , irritability , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , high or low blood pressure , changes in behaviour , inflammation of the eye , pain or pain in your arms and / or legs ( fractures ), blood in the urine . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling dizzy or sleepy - feeling sleepy or sleepy - feeling very hungry ( sleepy or feeling sleepy ) - fast muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - loss of taste - dry mouth 37 - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vertigo ( feeling dizzy or sleepy ) - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - loss of taste - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vertigo - feeling dizzy - sleepy or hearing things that are not really there ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - vertigo - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - changes in taste - decreased_feeling_or_sensitivity - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - tingling sensation in the hands and feet - vertigo - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry ears 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - tingling sensation in the hands and feet - sensitivity to light ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry ears 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - pins and needles - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - change in sense of taste - sensitivity of the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry ears 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - pins and needles - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - change in sense of taste - sensitivity of the ears ( vertigo ) - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - vertigo - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - tingling sensation in the hands and feet - vertigo - feeling dizzy or sleepy - dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , itching , rash , blistering and peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue , chills , fever , chills , feeling tired , or changes in liver function ( e . g . ggt ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - blood in the urine ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - a fall in the levels of heartburn and heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle spasms - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - a fall in the levels of heartburn and heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle spasms - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - a fall in the levels of heartburn and heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - a fall in the levels of heartburn and heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and peeling rash - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - liver function tests ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - a fall in the levels of heartburn and heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash , blistering and peeling of the skin - peeling rash - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle spasms - blood tests may show : - an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes - rashes or itching - itchy skin these may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - drowsiness - dizziness - increased sensitivity to light ( palpitations ) - excessive sweating - sore throat - runny nose - sneezing , stuffy nose - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting - indigestion - mouth ulcers - loss of appetite - muscle pain or spasm - joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - pain in limbs - muscle pain - back pain - pain in limbs - muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities - chest pain - swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet - chest pain - swelling of arms or legs - general weakness , trouble sleeping , nausea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching - hair loss ( alopecia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - sneezing - runny nose - sore throat - sinus infection - runny nose - sinus infection - sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma - general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares , tremor , - loss of taste , dry eye , eye pain , eye swelling , back pain , back pain , pain in the extremities - general feeling of being unwell , nausea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching - hair loss ( alopecia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - sneezing - runny nose - sore throat - sinus infection - sinus infection - runny nose - sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma - general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares - tremor , tremor , - loss of taste , dry eye , eye pain , - increased pupil size - joint pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the extremities - general feeling of being unwell , feeling unwell , low blood pressure - high or low blood pressure - low blood pressure , flushing - stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching - hair loss ( alopecia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - sneezing - runny nose - sore throat - sinus infection - respiratory tract infection - runny nose - sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma - general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , nightmares , fainting , tremor , - loss of taste , dry eye , eye pain , - increased pupil size - joint pain , back pain , pain in arms or legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , pain in your arms and legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine , pain in your arms and legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , pain in your arms and legs , loss of menstrual periods , inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often , passing more urine than normal , needing to pass urine more often , passing more urine than normal , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often , weight loss , decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - difficulty sleeping - sneezing - runny nose - sinus infection - sinus infection - sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma - general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , irritability , nightmares - fainting , tremor , - loss of taste , dry eye , eye pain , - painful swelling or pain in your arms or legs - general feeling of being unwell , urinary tract infection , high or low blood pressure - flushing , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching - hair loss ( alopecia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - sneezing - runny nose - sore throat - sinus infection - respiratory tract infection - runny nose - sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , asthma
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) with or without fever or fever ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) pale or sore mouth , cough , wheezing , difficulty breathing , chest pain or changes in the electrical activity of the spleen . if you develop any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : low blood cell counts ( neutropenia , fever , which may be a sign of a serious infection called diabetic ketoacidosis ), sore throat or mouth ulcers , cough , wheezing , difficulty breathing , chest pain , changes in the way things taste . spleen rupture . if you have any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common : low blood cell counts ( neutropenia , fever , which may be severe and life threatening ) flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or mouth ulcers , cough , wheezing , difficulty breathing , chest pain , changes in the way the electrical activity of the face , face , tongue or throat . very common : may affect more than 14 in 14 people a slight decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) and fever . this can be a sign of a serious infection such as : - sore throat or mouth ulcers - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing - chest pain - changes in the way things taste . - spleen rupture . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than frequency in 10 people ) - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - severe infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . sore throat ) - sore throat - chest pain - swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - cough - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - loss of appetite . these symptoms can be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( frequency not known ). - if you have stopped taking medicines for the treatment of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than your_bone_marrow_transfusion in 10 people ) - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - severe infections of the respiratory system ( e . g . sore throat ) - sore throat - chest pain - swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of these side effects is not known . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with filgrastim_ratiopharm . necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the frequency area of the form cannot be estimated from the available data ( frequency not known ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - fever - infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) - flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , cough , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( frequency not known ) in patients receiving this type of medicine ( drug reaction ) may occur . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects of frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking riluzole_zentiva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of your lung ( interstitial lung disease , which could be fatal ). fever , cough and difficulties in breathing , as these may be signs of kidney failure , which may be fatal , fever , cough and difficulties in breathing . kidney problems ( interstitial lung disease ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , increased levels of some liver enzymes in the blood ( tiredness ), numbness , pain and itching , itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in the type of white blood cells , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain and itching , itching , itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching at the injection site , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in the type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever ( a type of white blood cells ) low white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections low number of white blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with symptoms such as yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or a change in the way things taste - diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching at the injection site , vomiting , sleepiness , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching at the injection site , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in the type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever ( febrile neutropenia ) a decrease in the number of white blood cells and white blood cells ( which help fight infection ) sometimes with symptoms such as yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or a change in the way things taste - tiredness , tiredness , numbness , numbness or pain ( itching ), change in the sense of taste , vomiting , sleepiness , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain or itching , itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in the type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( fever ), increase in the number of white blood cells ( seen in a blood test ) infections , which may be severe . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or a change in the way things taste . tiredness , tiredness , numbness , pain or itching , itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increased blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain or itching , itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in the number of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells and fever , which may be associated with a fever or a high temperature . low number of white blood cells and white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets  a reduction in the number of white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections or flu - like symptoms . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , itching , rash , generalised rash ( hives ), swelling , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , and sudden drop in blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , abnormal sensation in the mouth ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , constipation , rash , red skin , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching or bruising at the injection site injection site injection site reactions ( itching ) injection site reactions ( injection site reactions ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness vertigo ( low blood pressure ) dizziness light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing or immediately , as these may be signs of a low blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( feeling sick ) constipation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , aching muscles or pain in the abdomen , abdominal pain aching muscles , bone pain , bone pain , aching muscles , joint pain , aching joints , joint pain , aching muscles , itching , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like illness , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like illness , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like illness , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like illness , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using this_vaccine and see a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , tenderness and redness ) have been reported . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - serious infection - skin reactions such as redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , and redness at the injection site . - swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling and fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and fever have been reported . as with other vaccines , such as fever , irritability , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , vomiting , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , fever , or fever . - skin reactions . - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe rash , rash or itching all over the whole body , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include : fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath with spitting or upon lying down or worsening of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . fever , sore throat , spitting pale skin , rash or itching ) as these may indicate symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects such as : - fever - sore throat or breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - spitting up blood - rash - itching all over the whole body . if you develop a rash , damage to your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control a allergic reaction . - fever or sore throat - difficulty breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - spitting up blood - rash - itching - if you develop a reaction called an infection of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever or sore throat ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever - sore throat or breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - spitting up blood - rash - itching - if you develop a reaction called an infection of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever or sore throat ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of infection such as : - fever - sore throat or breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - spitting up blood - itchy skin - rash - itching - if you develop a reaction called an infection of the mucous membranes ( e . g . fever or sore throat ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the body ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high or low blood pressure ( see section hyperglycaemia " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see also section hyperglycaemia " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a low level of white blood cells ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a low level of white blood cells ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a high temperature ( symptoms of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : infusion - related reactions during the infusion , the infusion must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea or pain_in_the_stomach . pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), throwing up ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach or intestine , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), loss of appetite , weight loss ( alopecia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , night sweats ( signs of muscle problems ) joint and neck pain , back , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties , itchy rash ( hives ) or hives ( signs of a high level of red blood cells called platelets ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness , weakness in the hands and feet , especially in the feet or feet ( symptoms of cough ) - cough - difficulty breathing - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . sore throat , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . rash or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . rash or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reaction ( which may cause a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reaction ( which may cause a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reaction ( which may cause a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . rash or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reaction ( which may cause a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing ( severe allergic reaction ) - nausea and vomiting - severe allergic reaction ( which may cause : rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin - hives ( hives ) - difficulty breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during marketed treatment include : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy skin -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness or tiredness . these can be signs of a high level of calcium in your blood . if you get any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or stomach , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or stomach , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , dry mouth , hair loss , dry mouth , tiredness weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) dry skin , hair loss or hair loss ( alopecia ) skin rash hair loss ( alopecia ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) weight loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause skin rash , burning and stinging of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). if you develop tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache diarrhoea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty_sleeping , dizziness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands or feet , blurred vision , eye inflammation , eye_irritation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have also been reported . inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the surface of the eye ( the cornea ) have also been reported . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe skin reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . redness and blisters ) at the injection site may occur . these are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other possible side effects : dehydration ( nausea and feeling sick ), vomiting ( being sick ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), an_acne-like_rash ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . some of these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - skin reactions such as redness and blisters , may be life - threatening . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - sick ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - hair loss - hair loss ( alopecia ) - an_acne-like_rash ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) - loss of appetite - changes in the colour of the eye ( cornea ) - a change in the colour of the eye ( cornea ) - blood in the urine - bruising or thinning of the skin ( erythema ) - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( fats ) in the blood - increased blood levels of liver enzymes - bruising ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - blood in the urine - bruising ( yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , fainting , which may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , fainting , which may be associated with rapid swelling of the face , lips , tongue or lips ( symptoms of symptoms of pain , burning , numbness or burning sensation ) headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( nausea ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired ( common ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as pain in the chest or throat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired ( fatigue ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms injection site pain . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fever , sore throat or coughing , as a high temperature , - bleeding or paleness more easily than usual . this may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which may be fatal , - confusion , - confused , - loss of appetite , - a change in your mood or vertigo , - ringing in the ears , - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or discomfort or flatulence . - severe tiredness or paleness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience such symptoms , such as tiredness and paleness , as these may be signs of a low level of paleness in your blood . symptoms include : - shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack - blood clots in the lung common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated - blocked nose - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - tiredness - paleness - dizziness - lethargy ( confusion ) - feeling anxious or confused ( vertigo ) - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - severe dizziness or paleness , as these may be signs of a high level of some blood cells ( vertigo ) - tiredness ( paleness ) as these may be signs of a low level of paleness in your blood ( symptoms include : shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack ) - blood clots in the lung common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated - blocked nose - sore throat - cough - sick - flatulence - severe stomach pain - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - inflammation of the stomach - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness or paleness - these symptoms be signs of a high level of some blood cells ( vertigo ) - tiredness ( paleness ) as these may be signs of a low level of paleness in your blood ( symptoms include : shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack ) - blood clots in the lung common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated - blocked nose - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - inflammation of the stomach - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , tiredness or paleness - these symptoms be signs of a high level of some blood cells ( vertigo ) - tiredness ( paleness ) as these may be signs of a low level of paleness in your blood ( symptoms include : shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack ) - blood clots in the lung common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated - blocked nose - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach pain - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - inflammation of the stomach - dry mouth - heartburn or discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain -
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to excess_lactic_acid_in_the_blood . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . lactic acidosis occurs more often feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) stomach ( stomach ) pain , stomach problems such as discomfort or bone pain muscle weakness or muscle pain . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . b ) if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have more serious symptoms that may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - signs of infection such as : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , as these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in legs ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or lips ( common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing , wheezing or fever . these could be symptoms of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 ). tell your doctor if you experience such symptoms while you are taking prolia . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - abnormal blood tests ( urinary tract infection ) - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the skin ( dryness ) - dryness in the skin ( sciatica ) - swelling of the eyelid ( sciatica ) - swelling of the inside of the leg ( sciatica ) - swelling of the limbs ( sciatica ) - changes in the colour of your vision ( sciatica ) - loss of consciousness ( anorexia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the skin ( dryness ) - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin ( dryness ) - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin - dryness of the skin , which may be accompanied by tingling , swelling and
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your ankles . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : feeling dizzy , feeling tired , tired or chills , sore throat , cough , fever , chills , sore throat , feeling weak , tired or loss of consciousness . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure and loss of consciousness such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever . severe skin reactions can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you feel unwell , feel loss of consciousness , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of red blood cells ). however , your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood counts and what to do if you develop a reduction in the number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts during and after treatment with ambirix . meningitis such as fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing difficulties , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your runny_nose . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of red blood cells ). your doctor may advise you to decrease the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts during and after treatment with ambirix . meningitis such as fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems , such as cough , severe breathing problems , nose bleeds , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the upper abdomen . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people vaccine with pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). however , your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get a reduction in the number of white blood cells or platelets in your blood . this can be treated with vaccine such as meningitis , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness with or without symptoms such as diarrhoea , sore throat or runny nose , cough , severe tiredness with tired and / or loss of consciousness
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . symptoms of allergic reactions ( difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ), severe skin rash , itchy skin , blisters and peeling of the skin ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including redness of the skin at the injection site ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( high temperature , fever , fever , paleness if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . loss of consciousness can be life - threatening . if you experience fainting , feel light - headed or collapse , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor straight away . if you feel fainting , feel light - headed or collapse , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or collapse , if you experience loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . seizures , fainting , loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , fainting , loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . such reactions may be severe and could lead to collapse . contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms , such as fever , sleepiness , seizures , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms can be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which could make you feel coughing or wheezing , which could be symptoms of seizures ( seizures ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , which may include : o difficulty breathing , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ( collapse , collapse or loss of consciousness ) contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction , - difficulty breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which could be fatal , which could be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or breathing difficulties , wheezing , coughing , seizures , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which could be fatal , which could be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include : difficulty breathing , wheezing , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these symptoms can be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , which could make you feel collapse or wheezing , which could be symptoms of seizures ( seizures ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , which may include : o difficulty breathing , coughing , wheezing or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . shortness of breath , wheezing , sleepiness , seizures , seizures , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis , which could be fatal , which could be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be symptoms of an anaphylactic
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with docetaxel_accord treatment ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). hair loss has been observed with other frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with docetaxel_accord treatment ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). hair loss has been observed with other frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed with docetaxel_accord treatment ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). hair loss has been observed with other frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , rash , feeling tired ( malaise ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), feeling anxious , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), feeling anxious , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , rash , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ), diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , pain in the arms or legs ), chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), low blood pressure , headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( constipation ), constipation , skin rash , rash , feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling hot , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , pain in the arms or legs , chest pain , fast heart beat and tachycardia ( high blood pressure ) - headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( constipation ), constipation , skin rash , rash feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , pain in the arms or legs , chest pain , fast heart beat and tachycardia ( high blood pressure ) - headache , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( constipation ), constipation , skin rash , rash feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , fast heartbeat , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling hot , high blood pressure , diarrhoea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ), high blood pressure , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or coughing ( pruritis ), rash , itching ( pruritis ), difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure ( disorder ) such as disorder that can be life - threatening . other possible side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver ( hepatitis ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives ( hives ) - hives ( hives ) - rash - headache - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - hives ( pruritis ) 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( hives ) 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash ( hives ) - 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - rash - itching ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver ( low blood sugar ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( hives ) 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash ( hives ) - 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - headache - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver ( low blood sugar ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( hives ) 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash ( hives ) - 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - headache - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver ( low blood sugar ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - itching ( pruritus ) - rash ( hives ) 29 - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - low blood levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing or wheezing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - if you experience symptoms such as drowsiness , dizziness or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of these symptoms . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( serious allergic reaction ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . side effects that may occur in less than 1 per 100 patients ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") symptoms include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , swelling of the throat , discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , neurological disorders , breast pain , breast pain , weight gain , drowsiness ( tiredness ), vomiting ( nausea ), diarrhoea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions , weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , swelling of the throat , drowsiness , dizziness , headache , injection site pain , drowsiness , dizziness , headache , injection site pain , drowsiness , swelling of the hands , feet , legs , or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of the ankles , lips , mouth , or throat , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea and vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , joint pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , swelling of the throat , drowsiness , dizziness , headache - injection site pain , drowsiness , dizziness , headache - injection site pain , drowsiness , swelling of the hands , feet , legs , or feet ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling / pain ) at the injection site , pain , discomfort or discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ), swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( oedema ), vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , vomiting , weight loss , weight gain or weight gain , drowsiness ( tiredness ), headache ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - stomach ache - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or raised , raised patches in your mouth ( which may be accompanied by tingling or burning sensation in the hands and feet ) - mouth ulcers ( angioedema ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - muscle spasms - back pain - muscle spasms - back pain - muscle spasms - chills - fever - feeling weak 68 signs of high level of sugar in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low level of sodium in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - sore or raised in your mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - problems with the mouth ( angioedema ) - bleeding in the stomach or intestine ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( thrombophlebitis ) - fractures - stomach pain - joint pain - back pain - back pain - muscle spasms - back pain - muscle spasms - chills - fever - feeling weak ( 68 ) - increased levels of 68 in the blood . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low level of sodium in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - heart attack ( tachycardia ) - cardiac arrest ( tachycardia ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but serious side effect that may be fatal . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but serious side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ). if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : drowsiness , chills feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or stomach problems such as discomfort or dry_mouth , dry mouth feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ) muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs or in the hands or soles of your kidneys . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . b ) list of possible side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , and difficulty breathing ( see also section 4 . under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , and difficulty breathing ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine if you experience such symptoms such as nausea , abdominal pain or nausea . if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain and nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): nausea ( abdominal pain ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using blitzima and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : infusion - related reactions during the infusion , the infusion must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in your abdomen ( tiredness ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea or constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tummy ), pain in your abdomen ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), pain in your abdomen ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) and tiredness . these may be signs of a low level of phosphate in the blood . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your the_infusion . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some side effects may be serious . if you develop an allergic reaction , stop the infusion and contact your doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( abdomen ) feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness and / or joints . these could be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( a rare side effect that may affect up to one in mild_to_moderate people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking blitzima and see a doctor immediately . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen , tiredness or a metallic taste in your mouth , or tiredness . your doctor may give you another medicine to restart a allergic reaction . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction at the infusion site . if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have an infusion - related reaction during the infusion site , which can be life - threatening . if it happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called an_antihistamine . in case of an allergic reaction , the infusion may need to be slowed down , even if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic - type reactions , including anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ), liver failure , such as fever , chills or other signs of low white blood cell counts ( neutropenia , a type of white blood cells ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , tiredness , or low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach ache or constipation ), feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever with signs of low white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ( itching ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough with or without fever low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red or white blood cells ) leucopenia , decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel breathing or breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) which may be severe and life - threatening . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may be life - threatening . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may be life - threatening . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may be life - threatening . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may cause a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness . these usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , dry mouth , swelling of hands , feet or ankles , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain or discomfort in the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain or discomfort in the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , confusion , dizziness , nausea , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your blood pressure . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your treatment . your doctor will monitor your medicine for any changes in your treatment . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , swelling of the hands or feet , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , confusion , dizziness , nausea , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling , confusion , dizziness , nausea , nausea , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , shaking ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). angioedema can be life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blocked or runny nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing , coughing , runny nose , sneezing , skin rash , itching , hives , muscle pain , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , skin rash , rash , changes in the colour of the eyes , cataract) , blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , tiredness , nausea , being sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , headache , stomach ache and nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea . - changes in the way the liver is working ( enzymes in the blood tests ) - an increase in some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes called transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( transaminases ) which will be detected during blood tests . - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes called transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . this can be seen in a blood test . - tiredness , nausea , being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , headache , stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea . - changes in the levels of liver enzymes ( enzymes produced in the liver ). - muscles and muscle pain . your doctor will advise you how to treat any changes in the number of liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will explain these to you . - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes called transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . this can be seen in a blood test . - an increase in the levels of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ). this will show up in the results of some blood tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will be detected during blood tests . the signs may include : tiredness , nausea , or diarrhoea , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea and changes in the way the liver is working ( enzymes in the blood tests ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above may also show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the levels of some_liver_enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) which will be detected during blood tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in some white blood cells ( transaminases ) which will show up in your blood tests : your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the effects in this list . other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness . respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , stomach ache and nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea . increased liver enzymes in the blood ( enzymes in tests ) in the blood ( enzymes in tests ) in the beginning of the treatment ( will show up in blood tests ) in the blood ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction skin rash , which may be severe and could be life - threatening ( skin rash ). skin rash ( which may be severe and life - threatening ), skin rash , skin rash , rash and / or stomach pain ( including stomach pain ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea and changes in the way the liver is working ( enzymes in the blood tests ) in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . your doctor will explain these to you . examples are : increase
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other possible side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - rash , itching - back pain ( conjunctivitis ) - back pain - pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) - eye redness ( conjunctivitis ) - back pain - in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) - conjunctiva ( increased liver enzymes ) in the blood ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( tears ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes - tears ( frequency not known ) - the following side effects have also been reported with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - rash - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - back pain - pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) - conjunctivitis ( increased liver enzymes ) - conjunctiva ( increased liver enzymes ) in the blood ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( tears ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes - tears ( frequency not known ) in the clinical studies ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the levels of sodium in the blood . this can cause symptoms like high fever , fainting , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . - tiredness . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - rash - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - back pain - pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) - conjunctivitis ( increased liver enzymes ) - conjunctiva ( increased liver enzymes ) in the blood ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( tears ) has also been reported in patients receiving blood_vessel ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the levels of sodium in the blood . this is known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' and can be fatal . it is important that you contact your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as high blood pressure , fainting , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and nausea . - stomach ache . - tiredness . if any of these symptoms occur , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - rash - itching of the skin ( pruritus ) - back pain - pain in the back of the eye ( conjunctivitis ) - conjunctivitis ( increased liver enzymes ) - conjunctiva ( increased liver enzymes ) in the blood ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - cardiac disorders such as twisting of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) - anaphylactic shock ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - tears - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a decrease in the levels of sodium in the blood . this is known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' and can be fatal . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - high blood pressure - fainting - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - nausea - stomach ache
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you have pain , swelling ( oedema ), or fever ( especially if you have fever or fever ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the first few weeks of treatment . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ), muscle cramps or muscle pain ( myalgia ), back pain , headache , muscle pain , headache , muscle_pain , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , pain in limbs , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in limbs , arms or legs , numbness or tingling sensation or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): seizures , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ), muscle cramps or muscle pain ( myalgia ), back pain , pain in limbs , back pain , headache , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling sensation or convulsions ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in hands and feet , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle muscle muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in limbs , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling sensation or convulsions ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle muscle muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in limbs , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling sensation or convulsions ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in limbs , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , numbness or tingling sensation or numbness ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in extremities , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in the limbs ( signs of low level of calcium in the blood ), low level of sodium in the blood ( shown in a blood test ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , numbness , tingling sensation , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in limbs , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in hands and feet , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , nausea , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of lactic acidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking medicines and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing - rash - hives ( urticaria ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . - a serious allergic reaction ( this may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): - life - threatening very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( lactic acidosis , see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( lactic acidosis , see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( lactic acidosis , see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache or fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and tell a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with avandamet . angioedema ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( anaemia ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) increases in the amount of potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), which may be severe ( oedema ). chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in the blood headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain and inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as painful swelling ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) increase in white blood cells ( anaemia ) increase in the amount of potassium in the blood ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as painful swelling ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain or shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as painful swelling ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain or shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the blood ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of flu - like symptoms , such as painful joints ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with breathing_difficulties ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( feeling tired ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) fever feeling tired , feeling tired or fever fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using rapiscan and contact your doctor straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - wheezing or shortness of breath - chest chest_pain - chest pain - feeling sick ( sick ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 30 - back pain - discomfort - chest pain - throat tightness - throat discomfort - throat discomfort - discomfort in the upper right side of the mouth or throat - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - problems with your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal congestion - sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) - swelling of the face and throat - swelling of the face - the side effects in children and adolescents the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - paleness ( paleness ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - vomiting ( being sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the veins of the mouth and throat - shortness of breath - nose bleeds - throat irritation - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a heart rhythm disorder - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - swelling of the face and / or throat - shortness of breath - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - irregular heart beat ( arrhythmia ) - swelling of the extremities - the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after the last treatment . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - paleness ( including paleness ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - blood clots in the veins of the mouth and throat - shortness of breath - nasal congestion - sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using viagra and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as fever and seizures ( fits ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the eye , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , tightness of the throat , tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , tightness of the throat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb throat , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms of heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) changes in the colour of the heart , dry eye , dry eye , increased sweating , night sweats , rash , rash , abnormal sensation in the eye uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased heart rate , increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , eye pain , dry eye , increased blood pressure , dry eye , eye discomfort , dry mouth , increased blood pressure . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with a high temperature - increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), initially as flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) stop using incruse_ellipta and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects of frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , discharge from the ear , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision . - swelling of your face and throat . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 60 if you have symptoms of high blood pressure , stop using nucala and tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of high blood sugar levels include : chest pain , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of the face , chest tightness , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , fever , rapid pulse , discomfort or discomfort in the stomach ( signs of low level of blood platelets ) fever , high temperature , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), stomach pain , low blood levels of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) cough , high blood pressure , chest pain , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , upper stomach or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or abdomen , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , frequent_urination , cough , high blood pressure , chest pain , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , upper stomach or discomfort , stomach pain , discomfort in the stomach or intestine , stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , throat tightness , chest pain , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain ( gastroenteritis ), stomach pain , low blood pressure , cough , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , upper stomach or discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort in upper stomach ( abdomen ) and stomach pain ( which may be accompanied by low levels of blood platelets , which may cause cough , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , upper stomach or discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort in upper stomach ( abdomen ) and stomach pain ( which may be accompanied by low levels of blood platelets , which may cause cough , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , upper stomach or discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort in upper stomach ( abdomen ) and stomach pain ( which may be accompanied by low levels of blood platelets , which may cause cough , pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like illness , dizziness , headache , upper stomach pain , stomach pain and discomfort ( gastroenteritis ), urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and / or blurred vision , blurred vision , dry mouth , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , throat irritation , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , throat irritation , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , throat irritation , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and blurred vision , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal thinking , neurological disorders such as tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , dry mouth , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal speech , neurological disorders such as tingling , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal speech , neurological disorders such as tingling , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal speech , neurological disorders such as tingling , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , dry mouth , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , mood swings , confusion , abnormal speech , neurological disorders such as tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : trouble breathing or breathing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ), difficulty breathing or wheezing . these symptoms can be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , breathing , breathing or wheezing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , rash , itching , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , nose bleeds , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach , itching , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , hives , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , hives ( runny nose ), sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy rash ( hives ), runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , rash , itchy skin , hives , runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite , apathy , restlessness , depression , irritability , irritability , confusion , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , thinking or aggressive behaviour , nightmares , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares ), nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more periods ), problems with speech , balance disorder , numbness , or tingling in the arms and legs ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s syndrome ), problems with speech , balance disorder , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal behaviour , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g ., abnormal thinking , speech disorders , ringing in the ears , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g ., abnormal thinking , speech disorders , numbness , tingling , or tingling in hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ), speech disorder , ringing in the ears , numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision or other vision problems , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( numbness or rages ), depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ), speech disorder , ringing in the ears , numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . lack of coordination or emotion ), impaired vision , numbness of the skin ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . abnormal thinking , speech disorders , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , nausea , agitation , drowsiness , irritability , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal thoughts , thinking or aggressive behaviour , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , hallucinations , hallucinations , double vision , double vision , or other problems with your brain ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well , balance disorder , speech
