like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - fever , weakness , shortness of breath , fatigue , fatigue , light - headedness , fainting , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration ( low red blood cell count ) anaemia ( low number of white blood cells ) diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , dry mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat ( stomatitis ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of platelets ( dehydration ) flu - like symptoms symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , hives ( urticaria ) flu - like symptoms , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , mouth , vagina or throat ( red and swollen eyes ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) which may make you more prone to anaemia or may be life - threatening . - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - fatigue - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( creatinine ) - increase in creatinine ( creatinine ) in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dehydration - low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zinbryta . liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) upper respiratory tract infection ( common cold sore , runny nose , runny nose and sore throat ) nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ) lymphadenopathy ( laryngitis ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick ( diarrhoea ) upset stomach or stomach being sick
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv_therapy therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when you are being treated for hiv , it can be hard to tell whether a symptom is a side effect of biktarvy is a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity - these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness of the skin ( red and swollen eyes ) - blisters , which may blisters on the skin caused by build - up of a protein called amyloid ( cutaneous amyloidosis ; how often they occur is not known ). - hyperactivity ( hyperactivity ). if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - inflammation or inflammation of the lining of the mouth and other parts of the body ( tremor ) - tremor ( hyperactivity ) - if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness of the skin ( red and swollen eyes ) - blisters , which may appear on the skin or on the body ( tremor ) or hyperactivity ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : contact your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - inflammation of the lining of the brain ( such as red , blisters and / or blisters on the skin ) - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . - if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness of the skin ( red and swollen eyes ) - red and swollen skin ( red and swollen eyes ) - blisters and / or blisters on the site of the skin ( trunk , trunk , knee or body ) - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor . - if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - inflammation or infection in your blood or your urine . - in your mouth or blood in your spit when pains when you stand up or after your treatment . - if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing feeling or being sick ( nausea or nausea ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea rash ( high temperature ) abnormal levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , itchy rash ( rash ) rash increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver enzymes in your blood , rash , itchy rash , rash , increased liver enzymes in your blood , stomach ache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , feeling dizzy , sweating , hair loss , increased liver enzymes in your blood , increased liver
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain or muscle pain . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given headache feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain or muscle pain . injection site reactions ( including redness , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the injection site may occur . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions during clinical studies , the following may occur with pumarix . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . headache feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain or muscle pain . injection site reactions ( including redness , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the injection site . injection site reactions ( injection site pain , redness , itching , bruising , swelling and / or swelling ) at the injection site ( injection site rotation ) and injection site reactions ( see also section 6 " warnings and precautions "). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock ) blood clots in the small blood vessels ( encephalomyelitis ) may form in a few days to a few weeks . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( urticaria , hives ). some side effects have been reported with pumarix use : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): slow heart rate ( encephalomyelitis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of the pancreas ( encephalomyelitis ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include itching , swelling , difficulty breathing or difficulty breathing ( hypersensitivity ) or hypersensitivity ( anaphylactic reactions ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): signs of infections such as pain , swelling , itching or itching at the infusion site ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , serious allergic reaction which may include : swelling of the face , throat or tongue ( angioedema ) itching , loss of appetite or dark urine , jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ), dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark urine , fever , dark urine or fever , high blood pressure , weight loss , dry mouth , tiredness , jaundice , yellowing of the skin and eyes , loss of appetite or nausea . these side effects can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , such as local headache , bruising , and / or low_level_of_platelets - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( angioedema ). difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness or coughing up blood , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) such as : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers or infections . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin or any other signs of infection such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . - infections . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , as this may indicate that you have loss of appetite or nausea . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections such as local infection , such as bruising or low_level_of_platelets - red blood cells ( anaemia ) - weakness , breathlessness or blood in your urine - from blood tests to check how well your eye is working . - chest pain or difficulty breathing - severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - skin rash or raised bumps of the skin that itch . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in breathing . - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections of the skin and / or mucous membranes ( such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported with afinitor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections such as pneumonia , red skin , bruising and / or breathlessness - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - weakness , breathlessness and / or breathlessness - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - blood clots in the veins of the lungs - chest pain - difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ) - severe allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - skin rash - this may be a sign of severe allergic reaction - the following side effects have also been reported with this medicine : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , infections of the skin , which may be accompanied by loss of appetite and nausea . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . other side effects include : - fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections such as pneumonia , red skin , bruising , or pain in the area where the body is breaking down ( see section " warnings and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) and / or difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . wheezing , breathlessness , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , light - headedness , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , wheezing and breathlessness ) have been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever ( pyrexia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu ( influenza ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) feeling hot ( insomnia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision due to swelling of the face , this medicine can cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness and dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps some side effects may be serious . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . some side effects may be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ) other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face or throat severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects in men and adolescents in general , the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin . other side effects in adolescents and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . some patients have had the following side effects while taking this medicine in combination with headache very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory infections urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( including skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your child . some patients have had the following side effects after this medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ) other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) have been reported . if you notice any of these side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): tiredness , infection , back pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain , tiredness 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fainting , increased blood pressure , bruising , swelling of the hands , feet , legs , arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , dizziness , tiredness , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( musculoskeletal pain ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , decreased headaches , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . blood tests may show changes in the way things taste . muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . blood tests may show changes in the way things taste . muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain , pain in limb ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . blood tests may show changes in the way things taste . muscle pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain , back pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of muscle problems ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased appetite , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( which can cause bruising or discolouration ) at the injection site . injection site reaction ( injection site reaction , injection site pain ) and joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), muscle pain ( arthralgia) ), bone pain
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , and / or swelling around the injection site . if you get any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been observed with thorinane : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , tingling , skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), hardening of the skin , bruising , pain at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or throat , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , redness , swelling , swelling , warmth or bruising at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or throat , difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention , redness , swelling , swelling , warmth or bruising at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) blood clots in the blood vessels in the blood ( seen in blood tests ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , tingling , skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), local reactions at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , low blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be symptoms of a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature this may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in your blood . this can be seen in your blood tests . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , tingling , skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), local reactions at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , low blood pressure , swelling of the arms and legs , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of the throat , throat or throat , difficulty in swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may be symptoms of a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a drop in blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a high temperature this may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the blood vessels in your blood . this can be seen in your blood tests . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , tingling , skin reactions , hives ( urticaria ), local reactions at the injection site , tiredness , paleness , dizziness , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache , headache , dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling or warmth at the injection site , dizziness , headache coughing up blood , chest pain , swelling of arms or legs , dizziness , headache coughing up blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fast or irregular heart beat feeling of pressure in the arms and legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache_local_irritation_of_the_throat may cause swelling of the throat and throat and / or throat pain and discomfort when passing urine these may be signs of a drop in the amount of potassium in your blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) indigestion ( dyspepsia ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) pain in the stomach or intestine alteration in taste ( dysgeusia ) itching of the skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_tad '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel ratiopharm . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion or heartburn . contact a doctor immediately . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea , constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea , constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; vomiting , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diabetes_mellitus may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus ; increased blood pressure ; difficulty in sleeping ; trembling ; headache ; dizziness ; diarrhoea ; diarrhoea ; nausea ; vomiting ; constipation ; indigestion ; diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections of the blood ( which can be seen in tests ) are : fever ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; difficulty in sleeping ; nightmare ; nightmare ; disorientation ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; deafness and / or feeling or being sick ; uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blindness ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection ; dehydration ; inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an erection ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as deafness , tingling , burning sensation or limb pain in the arms and / or legs ; inflammation of the pancreas ; severe abdominal pain with thirst ; fever ; reduction in blood pressure ; pain , discomfort or discomfort ; high blood pressure ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight gain ; increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): blindness ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of blood fat ; high blood levels of uric acid ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause pain , discomfort and discomfort in the arms and / or legs ; swelling of the arms or legs ; low blood pressure ; 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include changes in the levels of some liver enzymes ; high blood levels of uric acid ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; deafness ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause temporary loss of vision ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; 36 heart failure ; 36 kidney failure ; thirst ; fever ; reduction in blood pressure ; pain , discomfort or discomfort ; high blood pressure ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight gain ; increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause severe pain in the joints and / or throat ; inflammation of blood vessels ; 36 blood clots in the veins ; 36 blood clots in the veins ; thirst ; fever ; reduction in blood pressure ; pain , discomfort or discomfort ; high blood pressure ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight gain ; increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause temporary loss of vision ; inflammation of blood vessels ; 36 - 36 - up of fluid around the heart ; 36 sudden loss of blood pressure ; thirst ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of pain , discomfort or discomfort ; high blood pressure ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight gain ; increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ; low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause temporary loss of vision ; visual disturbances ; blindness ; blindness ; deafness disorders that may cause pain , discomfort and / or pain in the arms and / or legs , due to nerve damage ; weight gain ; increased sweating ; weight gain ; increased sweating . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; increased sensitivity to light ; blindness ; blindness ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_zentiva '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_zentiva . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you have any of the following side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . you may have early signs of a possible unusual fracture of the thigh bone . - skin reactions ( burning and stinging ) and / or a feeling of heat in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects of immunogam are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require 7 days . the most frequently reported side effect is hives ( rash ), swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , fatigue , drop in blood pressure and wheezing . this could be a sign of allergic reaction such as hives and rash . these side effects may be the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , joint pain , back pain , fever , fatigue . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions such as hives , rash , face or face at the site of injection . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : allergic reactions , which may include breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with a hypersensitivity reaction which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) and erythema multiforme ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with lichenoid_reactions and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as headache and breathing problems . headache , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat . signs of infection ( e . g ., remicade , fever , chills , chills , feeling sick , vomiting , fluttering or tingling of your face and / or throat ). if you experience any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , or feeling faint . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest , a fast or a slow heartbeat , or infection . signs of infection such as fever , chills , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , vomiting , fluttering or pounding in your chest ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : 24 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) pain in limbs ( arthralgia ) numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): constipation joint pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome ) changes in sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) numbness or pain in the arms and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) changes in sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not really there ), confusion , numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), low blood pressure with symptoms such as numbness , light - headedness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), itchy rash ( hives ), nose bleed , swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) difficulty in swallowing ( dyspnoea ), redness of the skin ( erythema ), pain in the joints ( arthralgia ), muscle cramps ( arthralgia ), muscle spasm ( myalgia ), muscle spasms ( myalgia ), muscular weakness ( myalgia ), weight loss ( alopecia ), decreased appetite , headache , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , decrease in blood pressure , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the arms or legs , loss of consciousness , low blood pressure , symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ) ( itchy reddish - purple skin rash ( hives ) - runny nose ( stomatitis ) ( itchy rash ) ( erythema multiforme ) ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema multiforme ) ( redness of the skin ) ( erythema multiforme ) muscle spasm painful urination ( arthralgia ) muscle weakness ( myalgia ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) abnormal dreams , weight loss ( alopecia ), weight decreased , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , constipation , constipation , constipation , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , dry mouth , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the fingers , toes or fingers ( paraesthesia ), numbness or light - headedness low blood pressure with symptoms such as numbness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the throat , nose bleeds , runny nose , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ) rash ( pruritus ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s syndrome ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . sore mouth , inflamed sinuses , difficulty in swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of legs ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of legs ( oedema peripheral ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) muscle spasms ( myalgia ) lack of energy ( asthenia ) weight loss ( alopecia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): abnormal dreams , hallucinations , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , confusion , numbness or tingling of the fingers , toes or fingers ( paraesthesia ), numbness or light - headedness low blood pressure . symptoms of high blood sugar symptoms such as runny nose , inflammation of the throat , nose bleeds , runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin redness , itchy skin ( pruritus ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rash ( pruritus ) muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia , abdominal pain , headache , nausea and vomiting ) and / or stomach ache . some symptoms may be symptoms of itching , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or bleeding at the site of injection . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following symptoms : nausea , abdominal pain , indigestion , bloating , or heart_burn , or stomach problems . inflammation of the pancreas . symptoms include itching , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or bleeding in the arms or legs . blood clots in the blood vessels of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). signs of autoimmune disorders such as itching , swelling , pain , redness , swelling or bleeding in the arms and / or legs have been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of low blood pressure : a reduction in the number of red blood cells or lungs , which may cause yellowing of the inflammation of your lungs . upper respiratory infections ( urinary tract infection ). urinary tract infections ( common ). signs of inflammation of the pancreas ( pneumonia ). urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . urinary tract infection . common : urinary tract infection , pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia . urinary tract infection . pneumonia .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : inflammation of the pancreas ( very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or indigestion , stomach ulcer , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , belching . not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) − changes in your blood sugar levels . allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . blisters and / or peeling of the skin have been reported . some of these reactions have been seen with dzuveo . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , headache , insomnia , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , belching . not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) kidney problems . if you experience an allergic reaction , including rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or spasms , muscle twitching and spasms . muscle weakness or spasms , which may be a sign of an inflammation of the pancreas . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , loss of appetite , flatulence , belching . not known side effects ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) kidney problems ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or seizure ( signs of heart problems ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , discomfort or discomfort 43 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired loss of appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite , weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite , weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . ∑ weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss and decreased appetite . ∑ weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decreased appetite . weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss . in some cases , some of these symptoms generally mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite ∑ weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite ∑ weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite ∑ weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite or weight loss . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood and urine . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with treatment . tell your doctor if you have shortness of breath , chest pain , blisters and / or discomfort .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your cancer . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain and rash reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea , upper respiratory tract infection , fatigue , back pain , low blood pressure . loss of appetite . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased blood pressure . increased blood pressure . increased blood pressure . increased blood pressure . increased blood pressure . increased sweating . increased sweating . itching , redness , swelling . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death . what to do if you experience high blood sugar : if you experience shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat and feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling confused . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in heart beat , feeling confused . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , change in vision or feeling confused . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a feeling of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , muscle pain or stiffness ( signs of low levels of phosphate in the blood ) fatigue ( high temperature ) and weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , loss of appetite , muscle pain or stiffness ( shown in tests ) fatigue ( low blood pressure ) fatigue ( low blood pressure ) , weight loss , swelling , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs , or other parts of the body . signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , or flu like symptoms , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair_loss , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , loss of consciousness , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , low blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , faster heartbeat , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , which may be signs of high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , burning sensation , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , or pricking , burning , or burning sensation in the arms and legs , or other parts of the body . signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , rapid breathing , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , or pricking , burning , or burning sensation in the arms and legs . signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling short of breath , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site , or pricking , burning , or burning sensation in the arms or legs . signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , rapid heartbeat , or pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), kidney problems ( common side effect , may affect up to frequent_urination in frequent_urination people ) such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause swelling , redness , swelling and itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning or burning sensation in the arms or legs . signs of infection : fever , chills , shivering , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , or flu like symptoms , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , loss of consciousness , pain , redness , swelling or itching at the infusion site . high blood pressure , tiredness , dizziness , drowsiness , burning sensation , pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin rash , acne , discomfort in the tongue or face . allergic reactions ( urticaria ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , flushing , skin rash , acne or swelling of the skin ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( rash , acne , skin rash and urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including rash , acne , skin rash and urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with rash , acne and skin rash ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including rash , acne , skin rash and urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with rash , acne and skin reactions ( urticaria ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including rash , skin_pain skin rash , discomfort , swelling and redness ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( including rash , skin_pain skin rash , urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction with rash , acne and skin rash ( urticaria ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious infections ( including bleeding in the eyes or throat ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - chest pain , shortness of breath , fatigue and confusion . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - chest pain or shortness of breath ( fatigue ). - confusion . if you experience any of these symptoms , or diarrhoea , stop taking mvasi and contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , with difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , eyes and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in kidneys people ) - symptoms of a serious infection of the urinary tract ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , with difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - symptoms may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , eyes and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to a_stroke in 1 , 000 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes difficulty in breathing or breathlessness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - breathlessness - loss of consciousness - difficulty in breathing - breathlessness - disorientation - disorientation ( loss of consciousness ) - severe breathing difficulties - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . breathlessness , loss of consciousness , delirium , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , cough ) - shortness of breath - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as difficulty breathing , breathlessness , loss of consciousness , delirium , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a life - threatening condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle pain - confusion - disorientation - disorientation ( seeing or hearing things that are not real ) - serious allergic reaction which may include : - difficulty breathing or breathlessness - loss of consciousness - shortness of breath - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat - breathlessness - loss of contact with reality ( delirium ) - confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , delirium , difficulty breathing , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty speaking , hallucination , difficulty speaking or understanding others , difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , itching , rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking sitagliptin alone or in combination : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( nausea , flatulence , vomiting ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( constipation ) common : constipation some patients have had the following side effects while taking sitagliptin in combination with pioglitazone : common : dizziness , dry mouth and headache when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding may occur in patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , redness , swelling , itching , bruising , bleeding or diabetes ) are reported relatively more frequently in children and adolescents of diabetes . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . unconscious is a very rare severe side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xultophy and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , rash , itching or itching of the skin , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ( death of the frequency may be estimated from the available data ). if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( death of not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and rash , as well as localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( death of not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including hives and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache or bloating , feeling less hungry or tired ( feeling tired or tired ). - feeling tired . - feeling tired . - feeling tired . - feeling tired . - problems with your sexual functioning ( lipase or amylase ). your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking giotrif and contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . if you experience pain , swelling , redness or itching at the infusion site . if you have pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site . if you have pain , itching , redness or itching at the injection site . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe pain in the stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , itching , redness , swelling and swelling ( conjunctivitis ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , dry skin , rash , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , pain , swelling , redness , itching , fever and / or swelling ( conjunctivitis ), common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , dry skin , rash , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , pain , swelling , redness , itching , fever , low blood pressure , low blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): pancreatitis ( inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). see also section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough and rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( upper respiratory tract infection ) dizziness , headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) diarrhoea , loss of appetite ( anorexia ) increased liver enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) redness , rash , raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , rash raised levels of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear pain ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas ( ear pain ) if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of symptoms include : rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , itchy rash and hives . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea loss of appetite rash , itchy skin rash ( hives ) high blood levels of uric acid in the blood ( seen in tests ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness low red blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low number of white blood cells ( leukopenia ) low level
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling and swelling have been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . stop using nyxoid and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , redness , swelling and / or swelling ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you have a rash , itching , redness or swelling . these symptoms can be signs of heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever and dizziness . these symptoms may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating . these symptoms may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be symptoms of an anaphylactic reaction . heart attack . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include : o swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling have been reported . if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . some of these symptoms may be signs of allergic reactions : rash , itching , redness and swelling have been reported . if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . some of these symptoms may be signs of allergic reactions : rash , itching , redness and swelling have been reported . if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . these reactions may be symptoms of allergic reactions : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include : o swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling have been reported . if you experience these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include : o swelling , fever , sweating , rapid breathing , heart attack or irregular heart beat , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of allergic reactions such as rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be serious . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : rash , itching , redness and swelling . these symptoms can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions such as swelling , fever , sweating , breathing difficulties , heart attack , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , fever , sweating . if you experience any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling and / or irritation ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal ( abdominal ) pain - pain , irritation , redness , swelling or pain at the injection site . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition : - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the veins ( pulmonary embolism ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clots in the veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - blood clots in the blood vessels ( pulmonary embolism ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood clots in small blood vessels ( ohss ). - chest pain or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of injection . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing and swelling of the face have been reported . tell your doctor immediately if you experience skin rash . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of injection . these reactions are usually mild and usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( including severe swelling of the skin , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - skin rash . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10_people people ) - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . these reactions can also occur after the injection is given . - severe allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - severe allergic reactions which may cause swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - skin rash .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking voriconazole_accord and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including : swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , itchy skin , itchy skin or skin lesions . - severe skin reactions ( e . g ., severe skin reactions ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g ., severe skin reactions ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g ., severe skin reactions ) - severe skin reactions ( e . g ., severe skin reactions ) - the following side effects have also been reported ( frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash - hives ( redness of the skin ) - trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) - dizziness - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - blood tests showing higher levels of liver enzymes in the blood - disorder of the liver - disorder of the liver - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood - low number of platelets in the blood - fever , chills , weakness , dizziness , numbness , tingling , tingling , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , dizziness , sleepiness , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , indigestion , indigestion , indigestion , indigestion - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - chest pain - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swelling ( angioedema ) - blood tests may show : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of your face , hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat - difficulty in swallowing or
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , swelling , pain and redness where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , swelling and redness where the injection is given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty in breathing ( hypertension ) hypertension ( low blood pressure ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) heart attack ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) your_blood_fluid may cause swelling around the injection site such as itching , swelling of the skin , shivering , fever flu - like symptoms , arthritis , feeling tired , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles feeling tired 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of calcium in your blood ( shown in tests ) pain in your arms or legs low level of platelets in your blood ( which may make you more prone to your_blood_fluid ) swelling or swelling at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles feeling tired 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high level of uric acid in your blood ( shown in tests ) pain in your arms or legs low level of platelets in your blood ( which may make you more prone to your_blood_fluid ) swelling or swelling at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles feeling tired 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) swelling in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) swelling in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) swelling or swelling at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles feeling tired 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough pain in your mouth and throat kidney problems such as your_blood_fluid or liver failure ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever and flu - like symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles feeling tired or feeling unwell 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) pain in your mouth and / or throat pain in your mouth and / or throat and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). other possible side effects 59 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever flu - like symptoms common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain , aching muscles feeling tired or feeling unwell 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) swelling in your ankles and feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the hands , ankles or feet common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shaking , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , bone pain and aching muscles feeling tired 59 high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) pain in your mouth and / or throat pain in your mouth and / or throat pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) the signs of liver problems may include : very high blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . these may be signs of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the liver . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) liver function tests , which may be signs of liver problems , such as yellowing of your liver or the whites of your eyes , which may be life - threatening , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the signs of allergic reaction may include blurred vision ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision , viruses , breathlessness , blurred vision and blurred vision . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction the signs may include : blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - wheezing or other signs of infection of the lung or lung ( seen in up to 1 in 10 people ) - the signs may include : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , change in mucus colour , change in mucus colour , increased blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore or raised in your mouth - in your mouth or throat - in your mouth - in your mouth - from the vagina - runny nose - blood in the urine - from the nose - in your mouth - in your mouth - in the mouth - in the mouth - in the mouth - in the mouth - in the mouth - from the gums - joint pain - back pain - constipation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood in the urine ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - peripheral swelling ( oedema ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients receiving zinforo . if you have a severe allergic reaction , stop taking zinforo and contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : itching , hives , swelling , swelling , irritation , bleeding , bleeding at the injection site . these usually occur within the first few days after your injection . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . the following side effects have been observed with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin and allergic reactions feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), itching , hives , swelling or pain where the injection is given . in general , these reactions are usually mild and will disappear after a short time . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), itching , hives , swelling or pain where the injection is given . a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( platelets ). your doctor may test your blood tests to check for this . low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in blood tests low levels of liver enzymes ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) in the number of blood platelets ( eosinophilia ) in the number of red blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( eosinophilia ) low levels of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show : increase in the number of liver enzymes ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in liver enzymes ( eosinophilia and leucopenia ) blood tests may show : an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the number of red blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the beginning of treatment ( may show up in blood tests ) increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) blood tests may show : an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in the blood increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) blood tests may show : an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) blood tests may show : an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) in the blood increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) blood tests may show : an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) shown in a blood test ( eosinophilia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show : increase in the number of liver enzymes called eosinophilia ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in tests ) in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : if you have an allergic reaction , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , jaundice ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the skin and mucosa ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) abnormal results of blood clots in the small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue . this may cause difficulties in swallowing or swallowing ( jaundice ), localised swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or back ( jaundice ), this may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , which may be signs of jaundice , which may be difficulty with breathing or swallowing , as this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( scarring of the lung ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . blurred vision due to swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty in breathing . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss dilated pupils , cross eyes cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ). difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ). difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss . dilated pupils , cross eyes . cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the body . difficulty with writing properly . increased fluid in the abdomen . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to ecg
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . stop taking xadago and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) increased pressure in the brain ( intracranial hypertension ) abnormal blood test results for hypertension . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ), dizziness , headache , cough , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , wind , constipation , dry mouth , wind , diarrhoea , weight loss , night sweats , back pain , back pain , neck pain or cramps , fever , fatigue , feeling generally unwell , pain , itching or bruising . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . if you get any of these , or if you notice any of the side effects above , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur with breathing is a rare but potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ) such as rash , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , palpitations , fast heart rate , high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm ( palpitations , palpitations , fast heart rate , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart rate , palpitations , fast heart rate , palpitations , rapid heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of heart_failure : chest pain or swallowing shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or tired ; shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or feeling tired or tired ; coughing ; symptoms of nerve disorders such as tingling , numbness , double or double vision , or other parts of your leg or leg ; signs of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ); abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; difficulty in swallowing ; loss of strength ; tingling or numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg pain ; pain in your arms or legs ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels ( which can cause unusual_infections or bruising more easily than normal ); respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection ); pneumonia ; abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea and vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; heart_burn stools ; inflammation of the pancreas ; indigestion ; bloating ; stomach ache ; acid reflux disease ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding from the nose ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels , which can cause unusual_infections or bruising ; respiratory tract infections ; respiratory infections ; pneumonia ; abdominal pain ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; spinning sensation ; sicca syndrome ; dry mouth ; dry skin ; itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding from the eyes ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels ; infection of blood vessels ; unusual_infections ; chest pain ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; spinning sensation ; sicca syndrome ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding from the eyes ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels ; infection of blood vessels ; unusual_infections ; chest pain ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; spinning sensation ; sicca syndrome ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding from the eyes ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels ; infection of blood vessels ; unusual_infections ; chest pain ; swallowing ; shortness of breath ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; rash ; rash ; pain in the abdomen ; indigestion ; bloating ; sleep disorders ; spinning sensation ; sicca syndrome ; sicca syndrome ( including dry eyes and dry mouth ); itching ; itchy rash ; bruising ; swelling and oedema ( oedema ); low blood pressure ; bleeding from the eyes ; fever ; reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; impaired healing . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the blood vessels
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy or runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever and shivering . these may be signs of a high level of sugar in your blood . if you get any of the above symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , low blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever , fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . this may cause irritation of the throat , throat or throat , itchy , runny nose , vomiting and sickness ( fever ), fever and shivering . the severity of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data . if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , sickness , fever and shivering . these may be signs of a low level of blood potassium in your blood , wheezing or throat problems . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eyelids and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above : tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , vomiting , sickness , fever , fever and shivering . the severity of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data . if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the side effects above , contact your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , vomiting , sickness ( fever ), fever , shivering , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . you may be having a side of time . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , vomiting low blood pressure , high blood pressure , wheezing , throat or throat irritation , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , itchy skin , vomiting , sickness ( fever ), fever , shivering , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . you may be having a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor immediately .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest , as well as lips and lips . as well as possible if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the chest or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . bronchitis , fever and / or chills . if you experience any of these , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : high blood sugar levels : calcium , magnesium , calcium , calcium and / or calcium in your blood ( ringing in your ears ); ringing in the ears ( ringing in the ears ); ringing or buzzing in the ears ( ringing in the ears ); ringing or buzzing in the ears ( tinnitus ); loss of hearing ; pain in the arms and legs ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the arms and legs ; pain in the arms and legs ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the arms and legs ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the arms and legs ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the arms and legs ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; night sweats ; muscle spasm ; blood clots in a deep vein ; a reaction at the injection site ; uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding in the stomach or intestines ; blood clots in small blood vessels ; dysfunction of the heart ; dysfunction of the heart ; slow heart rate ; arrhythmia ; pulmonary fibrosis ( torsade_de_pointes ; double vision ; torsade_de_pointes ; double vision ; eye pain ; eye pain ; inflammation of the eye ; swelling of the eye ; swelling of the eyelid ; pain in the joints ; joint pain ; muscle spasm ; blood in urine ; an increase in some liver test results ; rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which may include skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may be life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , fever , fever , chills and chills ) have been reported . some of these side effects may be serious . dizziness , sleepiness and chills may be more common . these effects are mild to moderate . however , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness or sleepiness . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe allergic reaction with skin rash , ulceration and blistering which may be life - threatening . stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by rash , fever and chills . most of these side effects are mild to moderate . however , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience such symptoms . dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness and / or sleepiness . some of these side effects may be serious . 4 . dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness ( very common ). 4 . dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness , sleepiness ( very common ). 4 . dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test your urine . if you have dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness , sleepiness or sleepiness , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness , sleepiness or sleepiness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor if you experience dizziness , sleepiness , sleepiness or sleepiness . these are usually mild to moderate . however , if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of confusion , weak or dizzy . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within a short time . dizziness , fainting and complications have been reported with the use of this medicine . if you are being treated for silodosin_recordati , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling tired feeling weak or weak generally feeling unwell . if you do not feel yourself , you should seek immediate medical advice . dizziness or fainting when you start to breathe . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling tired feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell if you feel weak or have a quickened heartbeat . if you are not sure , you should contact your doctor immediately . if you notice any of the side effects above , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : angioedema ( very common , may affect more than 1 in a_severe_infection people ) angioedema ( low blood pressure ) is a very common condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives , which may be early signs of allergic reaction : wheezing , difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , chills , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or throat , chills , hives and hives have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . certain side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with praxbind : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . 41 / this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or seizures - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever , fever , shivering , or shivering . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . - if you experience confusion , seizures , memory problems , confusion , memory problems or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of sepsis ( e . g . palpitations , a fast heartbeat when passing urine ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - unusual bleeding or bleeding . - pain in your palms or palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may make you feel shaking or anxiety/depression ; - confusion or confusion . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , please tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , hives , swelling of the face or throat ) have also been reported . in some cases , it may be prolonged and could be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach indigestion , reflux of the skin , blurred vision . stop taking cialis and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eye_pain , as well as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , reflux of reflux of the skin , blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , headache low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the face or throat . feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach indigestion , reflux of stomach , blurred vision , eye pain or nitrates , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , allergic reactions such as rashes , swelling of the face or throat . feeling sick . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of the reflux of the eye , blurred vision , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased need to urinate at night , increased blood pressure and stroke . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , throat or throat . this may be a sign of allergic reactions . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - eye_pain - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - allergic reactions - rashes - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( feeling sick ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion or reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - rashes - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - low blood pressure ( stroke ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , throat or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion or reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - rashes - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , throat or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - heart attack - stroke ( frequency unknown ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion or reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - rashes - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the face , throat or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - heart attack - stroke ( frequency unknown ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , hives and swelling of the skin . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion or reflux of the reflux of the eye - blurred vision - rashes - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( hives ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , please contact your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing feeling or being sick ( nausea or diarrhoea ). these may be signs of other side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , please contact your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : o swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): injection site reactions ( for example , swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , loss of consciousness , feeling sick and nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): injection site reactions ( for example , swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , loss of consciousness , feeling sick and nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( these may occur with more than 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): injection site reactions ( for example , swelling , swelling of the skin , difficulty in breathing , loss of consciousness , feeling sick and nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( infusion site reactions ) if you have symptoms like swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( infusion site reactions ) if you have symptoms like swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( infusion site reactions ) if you have symptoms like swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( infusion site reactions ) if you have symptoms like swelling , swelling of your face , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , please contact your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : o swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat ; difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; feeling sick ( nausea ) and diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infusion - related reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , please contact your doctor immediately . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( including bacteria , pain and redness at the infusion site ), back pain , joint pain , tiredness , increased loss of consciousness , fever , increased risk of infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , and low blood pressure . pain or loss of consciousness . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you notice any of the signs above . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infections of the lung ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ), itching or rash . this could be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients treated with azacitidine_mylan are : indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ), swollen lymph nodes ( signs of low level of white blood cells ), low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , fluid retention in the skin , bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction ( difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching and / or rash ) rash and swelling of the skin . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells in your blood ( which help for infection ) indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash ( rash ) high level of uric acid in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , fluid retention or bruising uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction ( difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching and / or rash ) rash and swelling of the skin . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of white blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) voicebox , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash ( rash ) high level of uric acid in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , fluid retention in the skin , bruising . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration severe allergic reaction ( difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , itching and / or rash ) rash and swelling of the skin . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of white blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) voicebox , indigestion , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , hair loss ( urticaria ) rash ( rash ) high level of uric acid in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in the blood , low level of platelets in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache and diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dry mouth , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , vomiting , skin rash , hair_colour_change , loss of hair , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye irritation , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , mouth ulcers , skin redness , hives , generalised rash , stinging or burning sensation , burning sensation , burning sensation in the skin , hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss . hair loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure , bleeding , pain , redness , swelling and swelling ) have been reported . allergic reactions : shortness of breath , cough , dry mouth , swelling of the face , lips or throat ( palpitations ) low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( flushing , runny nose , sore throat , fever and chills ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), heartburn , diarrhoea , constipation , swelling of the face or lips ( rash ), changes in body temperature . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , bone pain , discomfort , weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling agitated , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), change in the sense of taste , hypoaesthesia ( indigestion ), heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating , back pain , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , difficulty in sleeping , feeling agitated , less sex drive , dizziness , abnormal sensation in the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), change in sense of taste , hypoaesthesia ( indigestion ), heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . blurred vision , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), dizziness , abnormal sensation in skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , hypoaesthesia ( indigestion ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss , increased sweating . back pain , back pain , back pain , increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . decreased blood pressure . blurred vision , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), dizziness , abnormal sensation in skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , hypoaesthesia ( indigestion ), indigestion , heartburn , constipation . increased sweating . increased sweating . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . dry mouth . increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . high blood pressure . blurred vision , clouding of the skin , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , hypoaesthesia ( taste disturbance ), indigestion , heartburn and constipation . increased sweating . increased sweating . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . dry mouth . increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blindness . high blood pressure . blurred vision , inflammation of the eye , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . vertigo . disturbance in attention , hypoaesthesia ( taste disturbance ), indigestion , heartburn and constipation . increased sweating . increased sweating . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . dry mouth . increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blindness . high blood pressure . blurred vision , inflammation of the eye , hypoaesthesia by a sensation of a spinning or a spinning sensation . in a small number of cases , tingling in the mouth , eyes and / or throat , tingling and / or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the ear . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the pancreas ( hypoaesthesia , indigestion , heartburn , constipation , weight loss or decreased appetite ), back pain , muscle pain , back pain , pain in limb . increased heart rate . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blindness . high blood pressure . blurred vision , inflammation of the eye ( hypoaesthesia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( hypertension ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , confusion , confusion , decreased consciousness , confusion , muscle stiffness , muscle twitching or fever , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , loss of movement , faintness , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching , and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , throat irritation , fever , tiredness , muscle twitching , confusion , inability to sleep , faintness , muscle twitching and muscle stiffness . other side effects very common ( may affect more
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infections ( including bacteria , pain or redness at the infusion site ), back pain , back pain , tiredness , increased loss of consciousness , fever , increased risk of infection or bacteria , nosebleeds , chills , shivering , abdominal pain , and / or pain in your arms and / or legs ( urticaria ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased number of platelets in the blood ( e . g . heartbeat , too much fluid from the body ), heartbeat , hot flush ( hypertension ), injection site reaction ( redness and rash ) have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal pain common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine ( musculoskeletal pain ) spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) chest pain 34 dizziness 34 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 34 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of worsening_of_aches or fatigue ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , fatigue , confusion , drowsiness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , as these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or chills , or fatigue , please inform your doctor or pharmacist . - these may be signs of a serious condition called osteonecrosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - an allergic reaction ( seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , - stomach ache , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , feeling tired or lack of energy , feeling tired or lack of energy , feeling tired or lack of energy . - feeling tired or lack of energy . - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ). - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ). - back pain . - fever . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - fever and blood tests may show a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - difficulty in breathing ( rhabdomyolysis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal levels of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea - indigestion 29 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence ( headache ) - stomach discomfort - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion , heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal blood test results for bowel function 29 - dry mouth - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( acne ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - fever - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( shown in tests ) - a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( fight_infections ) - a reaction which may cause muscle weakness and rhabdomyolysis ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) the following side effects have been observed with varuby : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence ( headache ) - stomach discomfort - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion , heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal blood test results for bowel function 29 - dry mouth - dry mouth - hair loss - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( acne ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - increased bowel pressure - fever - headache - stomach upset stomach , constipation , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , constipation , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach discomfort - stomach pain - fever - immediately of the lungs - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( shown in tests ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ) - blood tests may show : - abnormal blood test results for kidney function ( rhabdomyolysis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - somnolence ( headache ) - stomach discomfort - constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - back pain - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - abnormal blood test results for bowel function 29 - dry mouth - back pain - muscle pain - fever - pain in the arms and / or legs ( musculoskeletal pain ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat skin rash , itching and hives ( hives ) allergic reaction other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing ( common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal allergic reactions ( rash , itching , hives and skin rash ) have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). other side effects reported with clopidogrel are : - common side effects : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; - rare side effect : vertigo . rare ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; blood in urine ; vertigo . rare side effects ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to clopidogrel_acino_pharma in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until numbness ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . rare ( may affect up to vertigo in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until numbness ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , anxiety , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), feeling tired , headache , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects : allergy , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . bumps , inflammation , pain , pain and increase in blood levels of liver enzymes ). liver function tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) and increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance in the blood ), which may be a sign of kidney problems , which may be a sign of kidney problems , softening of the liver , kidney failure , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney failure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle weakness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizzy feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or sleepy when you stand up , which may be signs of sensitivity to your ears , sensitivity to light or feeling sleepy or sleepy , spinning sensation , headache , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling dizzy feeling dizzy or sleepy when standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ) sensitivity to light , feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling dizzy , sleepy or having spinning sensation in the mouth , sensitivity to light ( vertigo ), feeling dizzy , headache , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling sleepy or sleepy , fast muscle beat , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , excessive sweating , 37 , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling sleepy , sleepy or trouble sleeping ( insomnia ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking zelboraf and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; itching ; skin rash ; blistering and peeling of the skin ; skin rash ; red skin ; fever ; fever ; chills ; severe rash ; fever ; chills ; feeling tired ; high levels of liver enzymes . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , pain , pain in the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like hand and hand and needles . feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like hand and hand and needles . feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like hand and hand and needles . feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and / or legs feeling tired , chills , fever and sunburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): itching , redness , peeling , peeling , pain and hand - like substance on the hand and hand ( including hand and needles ) feeling tired or having a feeling of pain in the arms and /
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) has been reported . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking duoplavin . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : cough , shortness of breath , cough , a fall in blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or abdominal pain or fainting , which may be signs of nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , palpitations , fast heart rate , high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , bloody stools , loss of appetite , dark urine or spasm , joint pain , back pain , back pain , pain in your arms and legs , feeling of heaviness in the urine , drowsiness , inability to urinate more often , palpitations ( very rare side effect , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) o eye pain , sore throat , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , and / or fainting , which could be signs of an allergic reaction or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , and / or feeling of fainting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ulcer , fainting ( nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , fainting , decreased appetite , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting ) and fast heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , increased sweating , loss of appetite , dark urine or spasm , joint pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of high levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ) or drowsiness . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , and / or feeling of fainting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - rash . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ulcer , fainting ( which may be a sign of fainting , spinning sensation , nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , fainting ) and palpitations ( fast heart rate ), high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach ache , stomach ache , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , loss of appetite , dark urine , indigestion , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dark urine , loss of appetite , dark urine or spasm , joint pain , back pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs ( signs of high levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ) or drowsiness . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ache , feeling of fullness or fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ulcer , stomach ulcer , fainting ( which may be accompanied by tingling or burning sensation ) and rash . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach ulcer , fainting . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach ulcer , stomach ulcer , fainting ( which may be symptoms of heart problems ). fainting , depression , nervousness , irritability , drowsiness , stomach ache , and feeling of fainting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the face or throat . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) sore throat , runny nose , sneezing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ; - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite ; - diarrhoea ; - loss of appetite ; - diarrhoea ; - loss of appetite ; - diarrhoea ; - loss of appetite ; - mucositis . - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your 14 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ; - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite ; - diarrhoea ; - loss of appetite ; - mucositis ; - loss of appetite ; - vomiting ; - diarrhoea ; - constipation ; - constipation ; - loss of appetite ; - hair loss ; - rash . - low level of platelets in your blood . - low level of calcium in the blood . - joint pain . - constipation . - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising . - 60 if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( mucositis ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - constipation - loss of appetite - hair loss ( alopecia ) - rash - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( neutrophils ) - joint pain - joint pain - constipation - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - 60 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever or other signs of an infection of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ) these are the signs of liver problems : yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the lung and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling sick ( sick ). see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as cough and fever , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using riluzole_zentiva if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the eyes or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) cough , fever and feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the eyes and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using riluzole_zentiva if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the eyes or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) cough , fever and feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using riluzole_zentiva if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the eyes or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) cough , fever and feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and feeling nauseous or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using riluzole_zentiva if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper left side of the eyes or left shoulder pain since this may relate to a problem with your spleen . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) cough , fever and feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( hives , swallowing or swallowing ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site reactions , such as pain , itching , itching , swelling and / or swelling of the hands and / or feet ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , constipation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , hot flushes , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the injection site . injection site reactions ( injection site reaction , injection site pain and itching ) have been reported . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) dizziness , vertigo , low blood pressure , feeling faint . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( nausea ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( vomiting ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low blood pressure ( difficulty in breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), decreased appetite , decreased appetite , tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , weight gain , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , feeling very tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain , 50 flu - like symptoms , fatigue , feeling very tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , nausea , feeling sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , decreased appetite , fatigue , difficulty sleeping , constipation , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , dry skin , rash ( itching ), dry skin , itching , joint pain ,
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , pain , swelling , and / or tenderness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , swollen lymph nodes , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , tenderness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as rash , hives and hives have been reported . these reactions are more likely to occur in a few days to a few weeks . these side effects may occur with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or / or throat . these reactions can be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have also been reported . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea , and / or fever . these reactions are usually mild and moderate and require immediate medical attention . allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have also been reported . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have also been reported . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or fever . these reactions are usually mild and moderate and generally go away within a few days . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have also been reported . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , bruising , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or fever . these reactions are usually mild and moderate and generally go away within a few days . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , hives , rash and rash have also been reported . some of these reactions may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , e . g . cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): flu - like symptoms , including cough , vomiting and diarrhoea . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , tenderness , pain , tenderness , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , diarrhoea , irritability , fever , flu - like symptoms , e . g . cough , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or fever . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . allergic reactions such as rash , hives and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , groin or groin swelling , damage to the armpits or armpits ( damage to the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness or swelling at the site of the infusion these symptoms may include : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chest pain or shortness of breath ) other signs may include nausea , vomiting , or bloody stools , which may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other severe skin reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ) serious allergic reaction ( very common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other severe skin reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ) serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ), nausea , vomiting and bloody stools ( possible signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which causes boils and paralysis of the eye ) have been reported . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) redness and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other severe skin reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ) serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chest pain or shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening ), nausea , vomiting and bloody stools ( possible signs of a severe infection of the brain , which may be life - threatening , including life - threatening allergic reaction , very common ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other severe skin reactions ( e . g . nausea and vomiting ) or bloody stools ( may be signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which causes boils and paralysis around the back of the eye ) have been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor if you notice any of these symptoms . symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain or shortness of breath . other severe skin reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , bloody stools ) serious allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chest pain or shortness of breath . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling and / or swelling on the infusion site . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) hyperglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). itching , hives , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low level of white blood cells ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms include : excessive thirst or hunger a high temperature ( sign of a urinary tract infection ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) high level of " lactic acid " in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms may include : excessive thirst or hunger increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( shown in tests ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . some side effects could be serious . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) high level of " lactic acid " in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) lactic acidosis ( a type of hunger that may be life - threatening ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) hunger ( urinary tract infection ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . some side effects could be serious . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) low level of white blood cells ( hyperglycaemia ) and symptoms of low calcium levels in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of allergic reaction ) 36 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the lungs ( pneumonia ) cough sore throat stomach ache or indigestion stomach discomfort low blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection of the stomach or intestine stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration ( flatulence ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . mouth ulcers ) stomach discomfort feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration ( flatulence ) flu - like symptoms 75 ( see also above , in this section ) headache frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision ( frequency not known ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyelids , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . the most frequently reported side effect of riximyo is infusion - related reactions during or within treatment with riximyo . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days after treatment . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as hives , skin reactions , itching , or blisters on the skin / lumps on the skin , lumps on the mouth , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using riximyo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections ( common , may affect up to bronchitis or a type of white blood cells ) fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , pain in the stomach or stomach , irritation or ulcers of the stomach or intestine , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), pain in the stomach or abdomen , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), loss of appetite , weight loss . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . increased sweating . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial and viral infections ( including bronchitis , infection of the urinary tract , fever , diarrhoea , feeling sick , nausea or vomiting ) pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) increased sweating loss of appetite ( anorexia ) weight loss loss of appetite tiredness ( fatigue ) increased sweating loss of appetite ( anorexia ) increased sweating loss of appetite ( anorexia ) weight loss loss of appetite tiredness ( fatigue ) increased sweating loss of appetite ( anorexia ) increased sweating loss of appetite ( anorexia ) loss of appetite ( anorexia ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue ) increased sweating ( fatigue
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , rapid breathing , cough , fever , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea ). see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a urinary tract infection ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing , cough or fever , which may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease , which may be a sign of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the eyes or the whites of your eyes . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain in the chest , difficulty breathing , dizziness , breathing difficulties , cough , fever , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting and diarrhoea . these could be signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : extravasation ( extravasation ) which could be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may include difficulty in breathing or itching , itchy skin , hives and / or hives . this could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( interstitial lung disease , which may lead to breakdown of the lung ). talk to your doctor if you develop any of the following : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) pain at the site of injection . skin reactions ( inflammation at the site of injection ), itchy skin , pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy skin ( pruritus ) . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . skin reactions ( including inflammation at the site of injection ) and itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . skin reactions ( including inflammation at the site of injection ) and itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection ( inflammation of nerves ) at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection . skin reactions ( including inflammation at the site of injection ) and itchy rash ( pruritus ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin at the site of injection . itchy rash ( pruritus ) and pruritus . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain at the site of injection hardening of skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or tiredness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , heartburn . disturbance in attention ( insomnia ) feeling tired or weak generally feeling unwell or lack of energy . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching of the skin very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that may cause difficulty in passing out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) dementia ( loss of appetite ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing , collapse , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these events have been reported in patients treated with dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) confused , tingling or burning sensation in your hands or feet . if you experience loss of consciousness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . dizziness , headache or coughing up blood . these may be symptoms of liver problems . shortness of breath stomach pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the stomach or abdomen , stomach or intestine : increase in the amount of magnesium in your blood , magnesium , calcium , phosphate , and phosphate in blood test results . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your stomach and calcium . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or burning , burning and / or feeling dizzy or fever , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or discomfort on your arms or arms or legs , as this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). - if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and blisters and / or erythema ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) eye pain . eye redness , redness , itching and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the layer of the eye ) has also been reported in patients treated with ganfort . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 47 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction such as hives , nettle skin rash , itchy skin , hives and / or difficulty breathing . serious allergic reactions ( which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rapid swelling of the skin and around the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). weakness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , jaundice ( yellow discolouration of the eyes or skin ), jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be signs of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be signs of jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dehydration . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dehydration . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dehydration . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common : feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), dry mouth , diarrhoea , dry mouth , pain or redness , bruising or bruising . the following side effects have been observed with gefitinib_mylan : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives , itchy skin or hives . this may indicate that you have had the following side effects : died and / or difficulty breathing . inflammation of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) dehydration . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dehydration . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , which may be accompanied by shortness of breath or fainting . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). symptoms may include : pain , burning , numbness or burning in your tongue and / or throat . if you get any of these symptoms : tell your doctor straight away . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea . feeling sick ( nausea ), 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fever , sore throat or coughing , very common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - signs of blindness include blood in your urine , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , or coughing up blood or blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ). - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or anus ( see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - blindness , chills or loss of consciousness , - loss of appetite , acne - like symptoms , - acne , - confusion , - confusion , - tiredness , - increased levels of consciousness . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the numbers of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : - vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure , very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results : vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness , increased blood pressure . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the numbers of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins in the mouth and / or the anus ( hives ) - chills - loss of appetite - loss of appetite - acne - abnormal blood test results ( vertigo , confusion , confusion , tiredness ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - a fall in the number of blood platelets ( symptoms include : shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) - blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) - hives ( redness of the skin ) - raised blood pressure ( hypertension
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness . this could be the following symptoms of dizziness or drowsiness . this could be a sign of a possible fracture of the thigh muscle . feeling of dizziness or drowsiness . in general , these side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : dizziness or drowsiness , especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint and muscle pain ; and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood enzymes , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; joint and muscle pain ; and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint due to low blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood enzymes , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or throat ( very common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of consciousness and fever . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bone pain . muscle cramps or discomfort , abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , swelling , discomfort or discomfort in your arms and / or legs . abdominal pain or discomfort . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat blood clots and spasms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) have been seen in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , sore throat or cough , as this could be a sign of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening ( see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following flu - like symptoms : cough , fever , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , tired , chills , weakness , chest pain or sore throat , which may make you feel tired or tired . flu - like symptoms : if you have a combination of flu - like symptoms , which may be life - threatening . flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain . 25 signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or flu , feeling tired or chest pain . 25 signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or sore throat , feeling tired or tired , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain . 25 signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain . 25 signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or sore throat , feeling tired or tired , flu like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , or feeling tired . common : flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or chest pain . 25 signs of flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or tired . flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or tired . flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore chest or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , feeling tired or tired . flu - like symptoms , such as cough , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , severe flu like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , cough , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers , flu - like symptoms , tired , fever ,
like all vaccines , bexsero can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . symptoms of allergic reactions ( rash , fever , difficulty breathing , feeling faint ) have been reported . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you feel fainting , feel light - headed or fainting , tell your doctor straight away . if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you feel fainting , feel light - headed or fainting , tell your doctor straight away . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as you may need urgent medical treatment : fever or blisters at the injection site at each injection ( such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting and loss of appetite ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , difficulty breathing , feeling faint , fainting or fainting ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever or blisters at the injection site at the injection site : peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , blisters on the skin at the injection site at injection site , such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , swelling of the skin at the injection site ) such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , swelling of the skin at the injection site ) such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , swelling of the skin at the injection site ) such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , and loss of appetite . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , swelling of the skin at the injection site at injection site , such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , and loss of appetite ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , fever , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , hands , feet , feeling faint or fainting ) or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , coughing or feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , coughing or feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or shortness of breath . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , coughing or feeling faint , difficulty breathing , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of seizures ( fits ), which may be a sign of seizures ( fits ), seizures , feeling faint , difficulty breathing or swallowing , fainting or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if you experience loss of consciousness , or if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever or blisters at the injection site injection site reactions such as peeling , hardness , fever , diarrhoea , nausea and / or loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes collapse and loss of consciousness . if you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : itching , palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your body , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low calcium levels in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , blood disorders , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') painful urination . some patients have had a decrease in the amount of potassium in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of small blood vessels ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of urea in your blood . if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , chest pain or discomfort while being treated with intuniv . other side effects tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your stomach with or without nausea and being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash or rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), - abdominal pain or discomfort , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), - abdominal pain or discomfort ( abdomen sores ), - pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , loose stools ( flatulence ), - pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), - constipation ( loose stools ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ), - pain in the joints ( arthralgia ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), - abdominal pain or discomfort in the abdomen ( abdomen ), abdominal pain , heartburn ( dyspepsia ), - constipation ( dyspepsia ), - abdominal pain , - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - feeling sick ( vomiting ), - constipation ( loose stools ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the muscles ( arthralgia ), - pain in the chest ( arthralgia ), chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), - abdominal pain or discomfort ( abdomen sores ), - pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), - constipation , - passing wind ( flatulence ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - constipation , - passing gas ( flatulence ), - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ) - abnormal blood test results ( syncope ) - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), - abdominal pain or discomfort ( abdomen ), constipation , - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - rash ( pollakiuria syndrome ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), - difficulty sleeping ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , discomfort in the abdomen , constipation , being sick ( vomiting ), - abdominal pain or discomfort in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the abdomen , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting ( loose stools ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - constipation ( loose stools ), - passing wind ( flatulence ), - abdominal pain , - rash ( pollakiuria ) - pain in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach pain - high blood pressure . - rash , itching , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting and stomach pain . - high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . - stomach pain . - high blood pressure , flushing , diarrhoea , nausea and vomiting . - stomach pain . - low blood pressure . - flushing . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - vomiting . - stomach pain . - low blood pressure . - flushing . - diarrhoea . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - skin rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - rash . - rash . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - skin rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - skin rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - skin rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - skin rash . - rash . - itching . - pruritis . - rash . - pruritis . - rash . - swelling at the injection site . - rash . - pain at injection site . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been observed with ecalta : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - rash - hives ( rash ) 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - pain - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - rash - hives ( hives ) 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver - skin rash - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - rash - hives ( hives ) 29 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the liver - skin reactions - headache - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - vomiting - rash - hives - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - flushing - diarrhoea - nausea and vomiting - stomach pain - blood tests may show : - increased levels of liver enzymes - cholestasis ( rash , itching , pruritis , rash , pruritis , rash ) - rash - itching - pruritis ( pruritis ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - itching ( pruritus ) - rash - rash -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( rash , hives , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , dizziness or loss of consciousness ) stop using adynovi and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ) inhibitor antibodies for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 2 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens , your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent difficulty in breathing . dizziness and fainting have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . allergic reactions including flushing , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been observed with adynovi : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site reactions ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , nausea , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . severe allergic reactions ( wheals , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , trouble in breathing or wheezing , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting ) severe allergic reaction ( e . g . wheezing , tightness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , dizziness or loss of consciousness ) if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . hives and / or wheals ) have been reported . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hypersensitivity reactions ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , nausea and diarrhoea . severe allergic reactions ( wheals , wheals , generalised itchy rash , swelling of face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - drowsiness , drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty breathing or swallowing these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - chest pain - dizziness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - nausea ( nausea ) - nausea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - nausea ( nausea ) - nausea ( nausea ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( chest pain ) - headache - drowsiness - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or throat , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome , which can cause headache , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , pain and swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea , vomiting and vomiting . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - increased blood pressure . - headache , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain and swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea . - vomiting . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea . - vomiting . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea . - vomiting . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea . - vomiting . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , pain or swelling of the abdomen and / or throat . - nausea . - vomiting . - vomiting . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - diarrhoea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . - nausea . -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor or pharmacist straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of allergic reaction : wheezing or coughing ; hives ; skin rash ( angioedema ); signs of low blood sugar : coughing ; coughing and difficulty breathing ; feeling faint or light ; fast heartbeat ; stop using revinty_ellipta and call your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth with or without difficulty in breathing or fever . you may also have early signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore throat or throat difficulty in breathing and fever . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth or throat signs may include : fever or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache ( cold sore ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache cold sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling cold decrease in the number of white blood cells or mucus in your blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of lactic acidosis : - drowsiness , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach ache or stomach problems such as discomfort , dry skin , feeling sick ( nausea ), or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or stomach problems such as discomfort , dry skin , feeling sick ( nausea ), or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , or stomach problems ( discomfort , dry skin or yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be signs of allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or blistering ( angioedema ) - blistering of the skin - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in breathing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - itching ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or blistering ( angioedema ) - blistering of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and areas of the skin . - kidney problems such as kidney stones , kidney stones , and kidney failure . - severe skin reactions ( erythema multiforme , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by itching and swelling of the skin . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , drowsiness , headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach ( stomach ) pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - feeling bloated and wind ( flatulence ) - muscle pain - muscle pain - muscle weakness - abnormal blood test results for liver function - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) which may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat ) have been reported ( disappears . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling and / or swelling of the hands and feet ( this may be a sign of acute swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop using the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : low blood pressure , shortness of breath , wheezing ( bronchospasm ), hives , blisters on the skin / lumps on the skin or on mucous membranes , which may be accompanied by fever and can be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bacterial or viral infections ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood pressure ( bronchitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure ( bronchitis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low blood pressure ( bronchitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of polyangiitis in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic reactions such as rash , itching , hives and skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / anaphylaxis ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : tiredness or chills , sore throat , cough , shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , dizziness or light - headedness , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the tongue ) have also been reported . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea and nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . fever . serious infections ( including neutropenia and neutropenia ), low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), low number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) in the number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increase in liver enzymes ( an enzyme found in liver function tests ) liver problems such as yellowing of the liver and the whites of the nose ( stevens - johnson syndrome , rash , hives , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , rash , hives ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea and nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach pain , constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , rash , itching , rash , skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or mouth , fever ( possible signs of serious infections such as neutropenia , neutropenia , leucopenia , and skin rash ) rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ) - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_hcs '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or confusion under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking cuts if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain , swelling or redness at the infusion site . these can be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . redness , swelling , redness , pain and fever ) at the infusion site . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain ( redness and swelling ) - blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an increase in the number of liver enzymes seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy that may be life - threatening . - a serious allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause a difficulty in breathing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you feel pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the fingers and toes . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which may be life - threatening . - pain , swelling and redness at the infusion site . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain ( redness and swelling ) - blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy that may be life - threatening . - signs of a serious condition called " sepsis " which may be life - threatening . - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the fingers and toes . these may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( see section " warnings and precautions " - other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain ( redness and swelling ) - blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - an increase in the amount of some liver enzymes seen in blood tests . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergy that may be life - threatening . - a serious allergic reaction that may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or throat and / or throat , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - swelling of the face
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : blindness , blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling and tingling . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . this is very common . if you experience any of these , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects have been observed with depocyte : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): dizziness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): blindness , confusion , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of chest tightness , swallowing , coughing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or sneezing , sore throat or headache . this could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( musculoskeletal_pain ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) influenza ( influenza ) blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat and headache . pain in arms or legs . muscle cramps . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat . high blood pressure . candidiasis ( high or low blood pressure ). candidiasis . high or low blood pressure . muscle pain . skin rash , rash . increased itchy bumps on the skin . blurred vision . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with zyllt '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking zyllt . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may be a sign of an infection of the lungs called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking lamivudine_teva and contact your doctor or get medical help immediately . see section " warnings and precautions ". if this happens you must stop taking lamivudine_teva and contact your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you may get worse more easily . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . serious liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). these are signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps . your doctor will tell you what to do if you have these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking lamivudine_teva and contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking lamivudine_teva and contact your doctor or get medical help immediately . serious liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur in people taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain or cramps . your doctor will tell you what to do if you get these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . other side effects in women a reduction in white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) and a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of these serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) therapy may be a sign of an infection of the lungs called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the symptoms above , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis may lead to a very rare , but life - threatening condition called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have a history of any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with lamivudine_teva . your doctor may instruct you to stop taking lamivudine_teva . if you are not sure what you are taking this medicine for a long time or if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) seizures ( fits ) and difficulties in breathing . if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects listed above . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects above . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects listed above . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects above . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ) contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the side effects above . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) diarrhoea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects can be serious .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling ( palms of the hands or soles of the feet ), which may cause pain , swelling , oedema , fever and fever have been reported . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects reported commonly ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rash common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ): common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ): common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ): common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very common ( affects less than 1 user in 10 ): common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have : rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( which may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( e . g ., cramps , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , as this may be a sign of an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your cramps , and / or an ear infection . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called hypocalcaemia ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have had the following side effects while taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have had the following side effects while taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have had the following side effects while taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have had the following side effects while taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nausea and vomiting . these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have also been reported in patients receiving this medicine . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , hives , urticaria ( urticaria ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the frequency of this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) coma may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic_acidosis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , rash , itching ( pruritus ) and / or feeling sick ( erythema ), loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling lips , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness or lack of energy , paleness . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) o lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . see also section 2 . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic_acidosis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking this medicine and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) common : feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , rash , itching ( pruritus ) and / or feeling sick ( erythema ), loss of appetite ( hypoglycaemia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling or paleness , high or low blood pressure , paleness , abnormal dreams , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , tingling or paleness ( signs of problems with your paleness or balance ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness or lack of energy , paleness , decreased paleness , hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling sensation , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness , mood swings , paleness or lack of energy , paleness , lack of energy and paleness ( signs of hypoglycaemia ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): anxiety , confusion , mood swings , tingling or paleness , high or low blood pressure , paleness , loss of appetite , paleness , mood swings , paleness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , chills , chills , chills , chills , stomach ache , nausea and vomiting . symptoms include : tiredness , drowsiness , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of angioedema ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach ache , blood tests may show : angina changes , which may cause : diarrhoea , stomach ache , loss of appetite , light - headedness , vomiting , 110 110 stools , diarrhoea , stomach pain , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , vomiting , 110 110 stools , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , blood tests may show : angina changes in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , stomach pain , blood tests may show : angina changes in blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ( oedema ) and / or flu - like symptoms . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of blood sugar in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ vomiting ; nausea ; diarrhoea ; stomach pain ; blood tests may show changes in the amount of blood sugar in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : ∑ weight gain ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; oedema ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : ∑ weight gain ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; oedema ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : ∑ weight gain ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; oedema ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ ∑ weight gain ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; oedema ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; low blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ∑ high blood sugar levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_mylan '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( angioedema ). - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_mylan . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; high blood pressure ; numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired or fever ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired , fever , low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , eyes or throat , difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath , wheezing , throat irritation , throat irritation , dizziness and fainting ( which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 30 pain in the mouth , throat or throat , and shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 30 pain in the mouth , throat or throat , and shortness of breath ( which may be accompanied by light - headedness ) and / or feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , eye pain , discomfort , swelling or skin on the area of the skin , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or fainting , fainting ( fainting ), fainting ( which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ), 28 diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 30 pain in the mouth , throat or throat , and shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) pain in the mouth , throat or throat , shortness of breath , sore throat or throat irritation . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 30 pain in the mouth , throat or throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , fast heartbeat , fast heart beat , dizziness or fainting , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder . a heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) which may cause difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) electrocardiogram in the electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or fainting , fainting , fainting , fainting ( which may be a sign of inflammation of the pancreas ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 30 pain in the mouth , throat or throat , and / or shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 30 people ) pain in the chest or throat , and shortness of breath ( which may be accompanied by wheezing ), diarrhoea , 30 diarrhoea , diarrhoea 30 . increased levels of sodium in the blood . in general , the following side effects have been observed with rapiscan : common side effects ( may affect up to heart_block in mouth people ) diarrhoea , being sick (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes with or without fever and seizures ( fits ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye tightness , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include heartburn , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of elation , temporary loss of consciousness , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include heartburn , stuffy nose , upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ), nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . increased blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood sugar symptoms . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . increased blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the voice box , nosebleed , feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to amnesia in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to amnesia in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to amnesia in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - back pain - back pain - increased heart rate - changes in the colour of the heart - the following side effects may occur with this medicine . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - detachment of the eye - blurred vision , eye redness , dry eye , eye discharge - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased sweating - increased blood pressure uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - effects in the eye : - detachment of the eye - blurred vision - eye redness - eyelid irritation - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - redness of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - dry eye
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , light - headed , dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , light - headed , dizzy or difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or light - headed , or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , or if you notice any of the above symptoms :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions ( hives , hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - redness and hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms may include : o swelling of the face , lips , chest , tongue , and / or throat and / or difficulty in breathing or breathing , chest pain or cough . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - pain or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area ( musculoskeletal pain ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - cough - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) pain - low blood pressure - cough - high blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - low blood pressure - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal tract pain ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort in the stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal tract pain ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort in the upper stomach or intestine ( gastrointestinal tract pain ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - chest pain - pain , redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - dizziness - headache - stomach pain -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory infections common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( sinusitis ), back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , fever , fatigue , muscle weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite loss of appetite , confusion , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning such as back pain , muscle pain , muscle twitching , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dry eyes , increased blood pressure , problems with your body . nose bleeds , nose bleeds , constipation , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle feeling , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), watery eyes , eye pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , fever , fatigue , muscle weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , confusion , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning such as muscle spasms , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dry eyes , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , feeling tired , fatigue , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle weakness , back pain , muscle feeling , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), watery eyes , eye pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , fever , fatigue , muscle weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , confusion , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning , breast pain , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness or peripheral_oedema) ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dry eyes , blood in urine , back pain , muscle feeling , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , infection , neutropenia ( signs of infection or neutropenia ), low level of white blood cells ( neutrophils ), decreased number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) and upper lymph nodes ( signs of neutrophils ). upper respiratory infections ( including neutrophils , upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , upper respiratory tract infection , neutropenia , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , muscle cramps , back pain , back pain , muscle feeling , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , fever , infection ( neutropenia ), fever , signs of infection or neutropenia ( neutropenia ), low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or burning sensation in the arms and / or legs ( paraesthesia ), ear pain , ear discomfort , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , fatigue , back pain , fever , fatigue , muscle weakness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , confusion , decreased sexual drive , problems with sexual functioning , breast pain , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , eye pain , dry body , blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): decreased number of white blood cells , confusion , decreased sexual drive , increased sexual interest ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , including itchy rash , hives , severe itching of the skin ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - severe itching of the skin ( hives ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - feeling sick ( diarrhoea ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the stomach or stomach area of the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain - pain in the stomach or intestine - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach or stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach - stomach pain - stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach upset stomach or stomach pain - stomach and stomach pain -
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may also have an allergic reaction to zerene . itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of liver problems ), nausea , drowsiness , dizziness , confusion , abnormal behaviour , thinking or nightmares , hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not really there ), hallucinations , rages , delusion , depersonalisation , nightmares , nightmares , nightmares , hallucinations ( fits ), hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not really there ), other_sight_problems nightmares , hallucinations ( seeing or hearing things that are not really there ), numbness or tingling of the hands and feet ( hypoaesthesia ), nausea , decreased appetite , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). this is a rare severe side effect that may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . stop using this medicine and call your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be signs of
