like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking incivo and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : weakness , shortness of breath or immediately , which may be a sign of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be a sign of a life - threatening medical condition . tell your doctor if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness or weakness , light - headedness or fainting , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with incivo . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), severe itching or peeling skin , with fever and flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), severe itching , peeling skin , fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . you may experience the following symptoms : - hives ( urticaria ), flu - like symptoms ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding ( which may be a symptom of this low level of red blood cells ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced in the blood and urine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced in the blood and urine ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a certain type of white blood cells ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported ( lymphadenopathy ). yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( a type of colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ), colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry mouth , pharyngitis ( dry or watery eyes ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( including upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , bronchitis , colds , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) colds , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) colds ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show increase in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) in the blood ( immunoglobulins ) which help protect against infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( such as upper respiratory tract infection and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10,000 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hypoglycaemia and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to hypoglycaemia . if you have symptoms of swelling , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you develop symptoms such as swelling , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you develop symptoms such as swelling , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( increased blood levels of liver enzymes ) with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - abnormal liver function tests with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - fluid around the liver - if you develop symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - swelling , including sweating , faster heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - abnormal liver function tests with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic shock ( a very common side effect ) and may affect more than 1 in 10 people ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from available data ): - swelling of the face and / or throat . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause symptoms of rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic reaction ( this may also be a sign of a serious allergic reaction ). - hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ). - increased liver enzymes in your blood . - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , as well as an increase of liver enzymes in your blood ( uncommon ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling hot and sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). - serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - other side effects include : - hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , anaphylactic reaction ( the most common side effect and may affect up to side_effect in 10 , 000 people ): - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling and / or stomach ache . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - bleeding or the_injection ( common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - injection site inflammation , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or hand - being sick ( stomach pain or feeling sick or sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain or swelling , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump . - hand and foot syndrome , such as itching or bruising , - inflammation or swelling at the site of injection . - sick ( feeling sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain including swelling , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump . - hand and foot syndrome . the injection site can be avoided by changing the injection site , such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump . - hand and foot syndrome , such as itching or bruising , - inflammation or swelling at the site of injection . - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma , if you experience any of the side effects above , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed during general use include : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - inflammation of the nerves in the mouth and / or throat which may be accompanied by bleeding or bruising ( vasculitis ) - vasculitis ( vasculitis ) - swelling and / or swelling in the limbs or in the hand and / or hand , or being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach ( stomach ) pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - pain including swelling , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site ( such as
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). symptoms may include : difficulty breathing with symptoms such as itching , swelling , difficulty breathing or stinging , at the injection site ( hypersensitivity ) and itching at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - if you experience signs of pain , swelling , redness , bruising , bruising , or swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - pain in the abdomen or in the stomach or feet - loss of energy or strength - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - if you experience signs of pain , swelling , redness , bruising , or swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite - headache ( asthenia ) - loss of appetite - increased appetite - weight loss 46 common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - decrease in the number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - lymphopenia ( a type of white blood cells ) - inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) - inflammation of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) - inflammation of the mucous membranes of the stomach or stomach , stomach or stomach - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of the eyes or the whites of the eyes ) - dark coloured urine - yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , dark urine , dark urine ( tea coloured ) urine , pale skin ( oedema ) - thirst , passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine ( urine ) - yellow skin ( dermatitis ) - dark urine ( oedema ) - thirst - passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine ( urine ) - yellow skin ( dermatitis ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine ( oedema ) - thirst - passing urine ( urine ) - dark urine ( urine ) - yellow skin ( dermatitis ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine ( oedema ) - thirst , passing urine ( urine ) - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often , passing urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often , passing urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often , passing urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often , passing urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often , urine retention ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than normal or dark urine ( urine ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than normal or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more water than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual this may cause muscle damage ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash ( hives ) rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . difficulty in breathing , feeling weak , light - headed or a fast heartbeat , a fast heart rate , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain or angina pectoris , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): if you have loss of consciousness , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your frequency . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness with rapid heartbeat , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , coughing , wheezing , coughing or wheezing , chest pain ( angina pectoris ). abnormal kidney function tests ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness can be severe and life - threatening , irregular heartbeat , rapid or irregular heartbeat , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or upper chest pain ( possible signs of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) ( frequency not known ). the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; swelling of the eyelids , face , throat or tongue ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the side effects listed below is using using the following convention : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness ; irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest pain ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest pain ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest pain ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest pain ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest pain ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing ; wheezing ; chest swelling ; urinary tract infection ; urinary tract infection ; the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): irregular rapid rapid heartbeat ; breathing difficulties ; coughing ; wheezing ; coughing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe swelling of the skin and / or other mucous membranes signs of an allergic reaction may include : a very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet and ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet and ankles . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - the following side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - 38 - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - headache - diarrhoea - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity - pain_at_the_injection_site - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , pain in the hands or feet , joint pain , blood in the urine , urine ) - 36 common ( may affect up to bleeding_from_the_gums in 10 people ) - skin rashes ( including joint pain , arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - pain in the muscles ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination ( conjunctivitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - sexual dysfunction ( pain , bruising , bruising ) - respiratory infection ( including nose bleeds ) - nose bleeds - 36 - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weakness ( asthenia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - bone pain , frequent urination - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - abnormal urine test - pain in your joints or discolouration of the joint - bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - blood in urine - discolouration of the skin - discolouration of the skin - bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - nose bleeds - nose bleeds - 36 - vomiting ( vomiting ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain , frequent urination - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - sexual dysfunction ( pain , bruising , bruising ) - respiratory infection ( including nose bleeds ) - nose bleed - 36 - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - sexual dysfunction ( problems with your ear ) - pain or bruising - frequent urination ( signs of water retention ) - nose bleeds - nose bleed - 36 - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - leg pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - bone pain , frequent urination - joint pain - sexual dysfunction ( pain , bruising , bruising ) - respiratory infection ( including nose bleeds ) - nose bleed - nose bleed - 36 - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - leg pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( myalgia ) - bone pain , frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - abnormal urine test - pain or bruising - frequent urination ( signs of water retention ) - injection site reaction ( including nose bleeds ) - nose bleed - 36 - nausea , vomiting - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - leg pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain - frequent urination - joint pain - abnormal urine test - joint pain - abnormal urine odour - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) - bone pain - painful or painful urination - joint pain - blood in urine - discolouration of the skin - discolouration of the skin - bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - nose bleeds - nose bleeds - 36 - vomiting ( vomiting ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - leg pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain -
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) lack of energy ( especially on the vagina and leg ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash , irritation , sensitivity to light swelling of the tongue and / or throat ( which may be a symptom of blood in the urine , bone or bone pain and discomfort or discomfort in and around the penis or around the penis ) feeling tired pain in the arms or legs feeling tired pain in the arms or legs feeling tired pain in the arms and legs reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; blood in the urine ; protein in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the eye ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the eye ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain ; back pain ; inflammation of the blood vessels in the eye ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; back pain ; jaundice ( a symptom of rash ); itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness increased blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , difficulty in sleeping ) increased blood pressure , liver function tests abnormal , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loose stools liver function tests abnormal liver function , yellowing of the skin and skin ( jaundice ) itching , increased sweating hair loss , muscle aches , back or muscle pain , pain in limbs , legs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , limbs , joints , joints , back , or jaw , pain or discomfort in the limbs , weight gain , weight gain , increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') blood tests may show changes related to the liver , such as phosphate , potassium , calcium , calcium and / or amylase in the blood , fluid overload , increased uric acid or sugar in the blood , decreased appetite , nightmare , hallucination , sleep disorder , tingling sensations , numbness , tingling , abnormal sensation in the mouth , deafness , increased liver enzymes in the blood , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , bad breath , yellowing of the skin or eyes , itching , increased sweating , hair loss , muscle twitching , painful joints , stiffness of muscles , bones and / or joints , joint or muscle pain , fever , passing wind , pain or discomfort in the limbs , weight gain , weight increase , weight increase , weight increase . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increased blood levels of uric acid , aspartate aminotransferase , aspartate aminotransferase and / or amylase in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , decreased appetite , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder changes in mood , numbness , tingling , loss of movement , deafness , increased sense of touch , numbness , tingling , loss of movement coordination , deafness , change in taste hair loss , ringing in ears , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , fungal infection of the skin , yellowing of the skin and eyes , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , loss of hair , pain in limbs , bones , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , joints , bones , back , or jaw , pain or discomfort in the limbs weight gain , weight gain , loss of weight , weight gain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increased blood levels of uric acid in the blood increase of uric acid in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , decreased appetite loss of appetite , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder changes in mood , numbness , tingling , loss of movement , deafness , change in sense of taste , taste disturbance , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , loose stools , fungal infection of the skin , yellowing of the skin and eyes , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching of the skin , itching increased sweating hair loss , dry skin , itching , increased sweating hair loss , loss of taste muscle pain , neck and skeleton pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased haemoglobin ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increased blood levels of uric acid
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness ; or numbness . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given by your doctor . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat nausea vomiting skin rash ( pruritus ) 52 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea_nausea skin rash flaking of the skin 52 tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increase in gout ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increased risk of blood clots in the veins ( which causes muscle weakness and atrophy ) inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the legs and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyes ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( tear in the mouth ) upset stomach vomiting 52 increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased bilirubin in the blood made by the liver increased skin pigmentation pain in the arms and / or legs uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack , chest pain , and swelling in the limbs swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the legs and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyes ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( tear in the nose , throat , nose , mouth , hands , feet ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( condition that affects the pumping power of your brain ) pain in the mouth and / or jaw , which may be helped by changing the iris and eyes ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . cornea , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the layer that lines the iris and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large layer of the iris ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large layer of the iris ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyelids ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation cardiac failure ( guillain - barr syndrome ) inflammation of the lining of the mouth and throat . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) heart attack , chest pain , and / or painful erection , chest pain , and / or painful erection swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the legs and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eyelids , hands , feet and ankles ( red and swollen eyelids ) dryness , tearing , irritation , and / or irritation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop using the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 people ), but may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , face or throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 , 000 people ), as a consequence of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , face or throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), as a consequence of allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following side effects : very common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following side effects : very common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : 7 or swelling of the face , face , face or throat chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , face , face or throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following side effects : very common : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing or sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking remicade and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to lower your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the a_live_vaccine infusion but can be life threatening . it is important to contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and blistering , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of remicade is a very rare side effect but it may lead to more severe anaphylactic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and blistering , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of remicade is a rare but serious side effect . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and blistering , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of remicade is a very rare side effect but it may lead to more severe anaphylactic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and blistering , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of remicade is a very rare side effect but it may be life threatening and lead to a treatment . if you develop an allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a member of the medical staff straight away . the signs may include : chest pain or shortness of breath with or without breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be severe and life - threatening , life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of the following serious side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chest pain or shortness of breath with or without breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe anaphylaxis ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions to other medicine , which may be life threatening and lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as blisters and blistering , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect that may affect more than one in 10 people . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects above . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : 24 - if you experience partial loss of vision , numbness , light - headedness , headache or low blood pressure . these symptoms can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a rare severe muscle disorder ). symptoms can include : - numbness , light - headedness , headache or low blood pressure . these symptoms can be symptoms of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( see section " warnings and precautions "). symptoms include : - numbness , light - headedness , headache or low blood pressure . these symptoms can be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - abnormal dreams - decreased appetite - abnormal dreams - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - numbness or impaired sensation in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - decreased weight - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - itching ( pruritus ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - abnormal hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - weight decreased - weight gain - weight increase - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - weight increase - weight increase - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - acne - night sweats - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - weight decreased - weight increase - weight increase - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - acne - joint abnormal abnormal urination - abnormal dreams - weight decreased - weight increase - weight increase - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - abnormal protein protein in urine - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - abnormal protein protein in urine - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased weight - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - constipation - dry mouth - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - redness of the skin ( erythema ) - nail disorder - abnormal abnormal weight - decreased weight - decreased weight
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness , swelling or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , problems with balance or balance , tingling , prickling , numbness , tingling , prickling , prickling , prickling , swelling or itching high blood pressure , pneumonia , pneumonia , decrease in blood pressure , pneumonia , swollen respiratory nodes , fungal infections , such as cough , vomiting , nausea , heart_burn , abdominal distension , abdominal distension and indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , swelling of the abdomen , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , abdominal distension , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , taste disturbance , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , - swelling of the limbs , small or purple spots on the skin , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , small red or purple spots on the skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , - fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising or bruising , increased tendency to bleed , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , - high blood pressure , changes in red or cold urine , - bruising , - increased sweating , night sweats , - muscle spasms , - kidney problems , - painful urination , - fever , feeling weak , tired , high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , bruising or gallbladder_inflammation - yellow skin , sensitivity to light , night sweats , night sweats , muscle spasms , blood in urine , - fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising or bruising , - high blood pressure , changes in vision , - bruising , - feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , bruising or bruising , - high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , - bruising , - feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , bruising or bruising . - high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , cough , vomiting , nausea , heart_burn , abdominal distension , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , - swelling of the abdomen , - swelling of the limbs or eyelid , night sweats , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , small red or purple spots on the skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , - fever , feeling weak , tired , high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , bruising or bruising . - respiratory tract infection , such as pneumonia or sore throat , fungal infections , fungal infections , cough , vomiting , nausea , heart_burn , abdominal distension , - abdominal distension , indigestion , bloating , - heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , - swelling of the limbs , small or purple spots on your skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , - fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in your sense of taste , bruising or bruising . - high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include breathing difficulties , wheezing , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest ( angina pectoris ), coma , irregular heartbeat , feeling anxious , fast heart beat , sweating , disorientation - fast heart rate , angina , irregular heartbeat , high blood pressure , flushing , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , reflux of reflux , dark - coloured urine , muscle aches or spasms , - dark urine or yellowing of your skin or eyes , dark coloured urine , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , - a fall in blood pressure , nose bleeds , - indigestion , - passing wind , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , dark or brown urine , - muscle aches or spasms , - dark urine or yellowing of your skin or eyes , dark urine , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , bloody stools , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux , stomach , abdominal , bloating , or stomach problems , indigestion , loss of appetite , dark or coloured urine , gastritis , vomiting , stomach reflux , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach reflux , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , passing wind , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach reflux , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty swallowing , - bloating , vomiting , stomach pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects stop taking erleada and seek medical help immediately : - skin rash - symptoms may include : peeling and blisters of the top layer of your body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - chest pain - heart attack - blood clots in the deep legs ( symptoms may include a sudden decrease in blood pressure , shortness of breath or chest pain ) - heart attack . - blood clots in the deep legs ( symptoms may include a sudden decrease in blood pressure , shortness of breath , chest pain and heart attack ). - blood clots in the deep legs ( electrocardiogram ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - feeling of tired or tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - tired or tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - decreased weight - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - high level of cholesterol in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - high level of cholesterol in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) - rash , falls , abnormal heart rhythm ( fit ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( fit ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the rhythm of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the way the heart beats ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) in the blood ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in the way the heart beats ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , a measure of the electrical activity of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart attack ( electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder ) - an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) in the blood , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram , which may be a sign of a heart rhythm disorder called electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , facial flushing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tooth disorder , stomach upset , blocked nose , sinus infection , dizziness , drowsiness , irritability , visual disturbances , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , ear pain , ear discomfort , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness_of_the_eye swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness_of_the_eye swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , stomach discomfort , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , cough , asthma , stomach discomfort , vomiting , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , swelling of the legs , small or purple spots on the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty passing urine urination , cough , pain in your extremities , feeling jittery , feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite , sinus disorder , sinus infection , fungal infection , dry mouth , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , skin redness , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , impaired vision , ringing in the ears , muscle twitching , reduced sense of touch , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , fatigue , pain in extremity . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , ringing in the ears , runny nose , abnormal liver function tests , runny nose , running nose , skin discolouration , itching , skin redness , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , ringing in the ears , muscle twitching , reduced sense of touch , pain in extremity , pain in the extremities , fatigue , pain in extremity , swelling of the extremities , rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain , feeling unwell , viral infection , runny nose , abnormal liver function tests , runny nose ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heart beat ( signs of urinary tract infection or thrush ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a severe infection of the urinary tract , e . g . fever , chills , burning sensation , pain in your arms or legs , blood in the urine . immediately ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) this can cause your body to retain water ( too much glucose ). low blood sugar , headache , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired , fast heart beat , feeling hungry or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , fast heart beat , feeling weak or tired , passing little or no urine , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing to pass urine more often , needing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , upset stomach , indigestion , voice alteration , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , reduced number of red cells in the blood , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , reduced number of red cells in the blood , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , reduced number of red cells in the blood , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , stomach discomfort , indigestion , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , reduced number of red cells in the blood , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin_rash skin rash , blocked nose , blocked or blocked nose , blocked or blocked nose , acne , skin rash , skin redness or acne . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fast heart beat ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), fast heart rate ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ), abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing or shortness of breath with difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause a rash or shivering . feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea if you notice any of the side effects above , seek medical advice immediately . see your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - swelling of the face - a rash - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - the most common side effects with bevacizumab can be life - threatening . - if you experience symptoms like changes in your mental state , headaches , confusion , changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may lead to a loss of vision in one or both eyes , headaches , confusion and changes in vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). - if you have a history of these , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with mvasi . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause a difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - if you experience any of the following symptoms when your treatment with bevacizumab has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you have an increase in the curve of the brain and / or a different condition known as bevacizumab . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking bevacizumab are : - inability to resist the impulse to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your brain ) - headaches , confusion , changes in vision or loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . also , if you notice any of the side effects above , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - difficulty breathing or shortness of breath with or without cough - coughing up blood , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which may be fatal . - a severe condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , speech problems , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , and a change in your mood or loss of consciousness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - dehydration , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , memory loss , irregular heartbeat , clouding of urine , difficulty in speaking , irritability and lightheadedness , lightheadedness or fluid_in_the_lungs , which may be symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , speech problems , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , and a serious heart condition with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an infection , such as fever , chills , breathlessness , inability to sleep , confusion , disorientation or speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and fainting . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , slurred_speech , speech problems , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , - inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome which may be a sign of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome ). - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation and decreased consciousness . - irregular heartbeat . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , sleep disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome which may be a condition known as symptoms of a condition called dress ). - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and seeing or hearing things that are not really there . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects during or shortly after treatment with tecartus : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia , arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , sleep disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome which may be a condition known as symptoms of a condition called dress ). - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and seeing or hearing things that are not really there . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , including local or fungal infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , sleep disorders , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor immediately . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , including hives and blisters , blistering of the skin , swelling of your lips , face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced a decrease in the number of a type of diabetes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar regularly when you are taking metformin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in female patients taking pioglitazone and have also been reported in male patients ( less than 1 in 10 patients ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , nausea , flatulence , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence ( wind ), constipation , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , feeling of menstrual discomfort , or in menstrual periods , or other joint retention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , dry mouth , osteoarthritis or the_skin , stomach ache , flatulence , itching ( elevated patches of urine ) or kidney impairment , dialysis , joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ). if you do not respond to unconscious treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . if you are treated with low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased bilirubin levels in the blood 43 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , eye changes , fast heartbeat , stomach ache , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), diarrhoea , dry mouth , feeling drowsy , increased sweating , change in taste or loss of taste , difficulty controlling movement , feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating , worried , ringing in the ears , difficulty controlling movement e . g . lack of coordination or involuntary movements of the muscles , restless vision , double vision , double vision , problems with balance , increased eye pressure , changes in vision including tunnel vision , flashes of light , jerky heartbeat , increased activity in your field of vision . abnormal blood tests . signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : very high blood sugar , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar . change in blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar . urinary tract infection , excess of eosinophils , indigestion , dyspepsia , heartburn , indigestion dry mouth , dry mouth , sore mouth feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) lack of energy ( fatigue ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) altered feeling or sensitivity , especially in the ears , ear discomfort increased blood levels of lipase and amylase ( a type of white blood cell ) in patients with high blood sugar , low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop using insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; eye disorders ; fast heartbeat ; feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ); diarrhoea ; stomach ache ; feeling drowsy ; lack of energy ; changes in vision ; feeling nervous or anxious ; difficulty in sleeping ; difficulty in concentrating . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased bilirubin in the blood ; 43 ; increased blood sugar ; high blood sugar ; increased uric acid in the blood ; decreased appetite ; indigestion ; dyspepsia ( heartburn ); double vision ; dry mouth ; mouth sores ; discomfort in the abdomen ; feeling bloated ; wind ( flatulence ) ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; feeling nervous , difficulty concentrating ; worried ; ringing in the ears ; difficulty in sleeping ; changes in the way things taste ; double vision ; difficulty in speaking ; abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( lipase and amylase ); a decrease in the amount of sugar in the blood ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine ; sugar in the urine ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly occurring adverse reactions of this medicine are dose related to the treatment with giotrif . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue treatment with giotrif . your doctor will decide whether your symptoms and symptoms will give you during the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of treatment . your doctor will decide whether your symptoms and symptoms will give you how to stop your treatment . your doctor will instruct you how to deal with your symptoms or whether prior to your treatment . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) decreased number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) 49 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) shortness of breath nose bleeds 49 urinary tract infection low white blood cell count ( a type of fat in the blood ) blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( a substance produced in the liver ) blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( a substance produced in the liver ) seen in blood tests ) a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in a blood test ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of white blood cell ) in blood tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of white blood cell ) in blood tests not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of protein in the blood ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced in the liver ) seen in blood tests , inflammation of the liver ( seen only in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of protein in the blood ) blood tests may show an increase in a liver enzyme called gamma gt ( indicating how well your liver is working ) ( shown in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , an increase in the level of uric acid in the blood , an increase in the level of uric acid in the blood , an increase in levels of uric acid in the blood , an increase in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood , an increase in the levels of uric acid in the blood , an increase in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ( an enzyme found in blood tests ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) which may cause a skin rash and sores in the mouth , and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). you should see your doctor immediately if you experience pain in the upper abdomen and / or jaw , as this may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs ( see also section 2 " take special care with giotrif "). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - redness , swelling , pain , redness and swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - decreased number of platelets in blood ( accumulation of fluid around the heart ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking orkambi and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - shortness of breath , cough , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) ache , abdominal pain , - stomach pain , - headache , - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash or redness . the side effects listed below have been observed with ivacaftor : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection - cough - abdominal pain - upper respiratory tract infection - abdominal pain - urinary tract infection - abdominal pain - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash and redness the side effects listed below have been observed when ivacaftor was given in combination . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in lynparza appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or your pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and itching . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms , heart problems : rapid breathing , high blood pressure , fast heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following signs of liver problems such as bruising or blood clotting problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). serious blood clotting complications ( thromboembolic ohss ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). this could cause chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or pain 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood or blood abnormalities in the type of blood cells . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock , ohss , stroke , heart attack , stroke and heart attack ) has been reported in patients with kidney disease not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): severe allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may require treatment right away ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or pain 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , breathlessness , stroke , heart attack ( 2 ) blood tests may show an increase in blood fat ( cholesterol ) levels in your blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) ohss may cause stroke , heart attack , stroke or 2 ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or pain 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , breathlessness , stroke , heart attack , 2 ( blood clotting ) in the blood and blood abnormalities in blood tests . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock , ohss , stroke , heart attack , stroke and heart attack ) 2 ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems "). serious side effects in men rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious stabbing or throbbing pain along one or more nerves low blood platelet count . this can cause ohss , stroke , heart attack , stroke , 2 ( see section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women allergic reactions swelling of the face or throat and may require medical attention . if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you already have blurred vision and the symptom gets worse , talk to your doctor as soon as possible
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : - if you notice any of the following , stop using voriconazole_accord and tell your doctor straight away : - if you notice any of the following : - any of the following , or signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itchy skin - red and swollen eyelids - itchy skin - red skin - raised and itchy eyes - raised bumps - fever - flu - like symptoms - liver problems ( pancreatitis ) ( frequency not known ) - gallstones ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , 51 - musculoskeletal pain , - abnormally low levels of white blood cells and platelets - flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , headache , fever , chills , weakness , chills , inability to sleep , depression , hallucinations , confusion , confusion , unusual muscle tension , tingling , numbness or tingling of hands , feet or feet , or pain in the hands or feet , feeling nervous , problems with speech , changes in muscle tension , changes in muscle tone , abnormal sensations , poor or abnormal sensation in the eye , seeing or hearing things that are not real ( visual_brightness ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , blurred or double vision , corneal disorder - inflammation of the lining of the eye , inflammation of small blood vessels , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid around the lungs , irregular heartbeat , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), - sudden feeling of tightening in the stomach , irregular or irregular heartbeats , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ), inflammation of the lining of the intestine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the pancreas , yellowing of the whites of the eyes or skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) - severe liver damage ( jaundice ) and yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ). - liver damage ( jaundice ) and yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), dark coloured urine ( uncommon ). - liver disorders ( jaundice , yellowing of the whites of the eyes or skin ), - yellowing of your skin or eyes and dark urine ( hepatic injury ). - pancreatitis ( frequency not known ). - gallstones ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , 51 - urinary tract infections , - elevated levels of some liver enzymes , - elevated blood levels of some types of white blood cells and platelets flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , headache , fever , chills , weakness , chills , inability to sleep , depression , hallucinations , confusion , confusion , unusual muscle tension , tingling , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), collection of pus in the eye , changes in muscle tone , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensations such as visual impairment , abnormal intolerance to light , abnormal thoughts , partial sound in the ears , decreased blood flow to parts of the limbs , sudden feeling of tightening in the eye , sudden feeling of tightening of the throat , inflammation of mouth , tongue or throat , inflammation of mouth , tongue or pharynx , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , inflammation of the lining of the intestine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 mg / 7 ( more than 7 days after 7 and more than 7 days of mvabea ): the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness and swelling at the site of the injection ( such as pain , warmth , swelling and itching ) at the injection site have been reported in up to 7 days after 17 . these side effects usually disappear within 1 - 2 days without treatment . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . affect the injection site ( such as itching , pain , warmth and swelling ) at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . itching , warmth and swelling at the site of injection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling of the area at the injection site ( itching , warmth , warmth or itching ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - muscle weakness - weakness or shivering - this may be a sign of a low level of a specific type of white blood cell ( shown in blood tests ) - high level of bilirubin in the blood - high level of bilirubin in the blood in the blood other possible side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - weakness or shivering - this may be a sign of a low level of a specific type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - decreased level of platelets in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - decreased level of potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - dyspnoea ( difficulty in swallowing ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - red or purple spots under the skin ( acne ) - red or purple spots under the skin ( hyperkeratosis ) - loss of hair - discharge , bone or bone pain , itching - excess of fluid in the bone , itching or pain in the limbs - itching of the skin - abnormal sense of taste - change in vision - loss of weight - vein pain - pain at the injection site - pain at the injection site - changes in sense of taste - pain at the injection site - pain at the injection site - changes in sense of taste - pain at the injection site - abnormal blood test results for creatinine - an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take zeposia ): liver problems ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as a breathlessness , breathlessness or drop in blood pressure , blurred liver function , which may be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection increased liver enzymes in blood tests common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) blurred vision blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - wheezing or other high blood pressure ; - wheezing and / or other breathing difficulties - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a sudden drop in blood pressure ; - wheezing and / or a drop in blood pressure . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a sudden drop in blood pressure . this could be a sign of a life - threatening medical condition called copd . - if you experience a sudden decrease in your blood pressure , stop taking temybric_ellipta and talk to your doctor straight away . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue with or without difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some of these reactions can be serious and require treatment . a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ), which are important in fighting infection ( neutropenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin and hair infections feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain or irritation where the injection is given itching , bruising , swelling , pain or irritation where the injection is given , such as itching , bruising , swelling , pain or irritation where the injection is given . a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) ( neutropenia , neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of diarrhoea or stool a decrease in the number of creatinine involved in blood tests ( neutropenia ). a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ). a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ). a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood , which may increase the risk of your white blood cells ( platelets ) in your blood , as well as creatinine and blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called creatinine ), which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called neutropenia ( neutropenia ). a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( neutropenia ). a decrease in the levels of creatinine in the blood , which may be a sign of creatinine . blood tests may show increase in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called platelets ). your doctor will test your blood to ensure that you have an increase in the number of platelets in your blood ( cells that help the blood to clot ), which may make your white blood cells ( leucopenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood called creatinine ) in the blood increase in creatinine in the blood increase in creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in your blood increase of creatinine in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : get a doctor immediately if you experience any of the following signs of allergic reactions : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling of elation , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , - loss of consciousness , - loss of consciousness , - altered or loss of vision , - altered or abnormal sensation in your vision , - rash , areas of areas of your skin or around the eyes . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people - liver failure , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with an allergic reactions ; - sleepiness and / or a feeling of sleepiness . while taking pregabalin_pfizer , it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly to pregabalin . the following side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - feeling of elation , feeling like you or confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of consciousness , loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . - rash , blisters , reddening of the skin over your whole body , very very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with an allergic reactions ; - sleepiness and / or a feeling of sleepiness . while taking pregabalin_pfizer , it is not possible to determine whether these events were directly to pregabalin . the following side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - feeling of elation , feeling like you or confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of consciousness , problems with your eyes ( keratitis ), rash , blisters and peeling of the skin have been reported . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with an allergic reactions such as sleepiness or " mini " stroke have been reported . it is not known exactly how often these side effects occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - feeling of elation , feeling like your appetite , confusion , disorientation , decrease in sexual interest , irritability , disturbance in attention , clumsiness , memory impairment , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory , loss of memory
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these details in case you are taking or have taken your treatment with diabetes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , e . g . sore throat , sweating , sore throat , runny nose - abnormal blood test results ( abnormal_blood_tests , hypertension ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood clotting problems , flu - like symptoms , - decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , thoughts of suicide , memory impairment , difficulty concentrating , clumsiness , memory impairment , ringing in the ears , falling asleep , decreased blood pressure - rapid or irregular heartbeat , widening of blood vessels , decreased blood pressure - collapse , pneumonia , runny nose , sore throat , heartburn , retching , wind , dry mouth , wind , retching , dry mouth - difficulties with swallowing , swollen tongue , tongue or tongue , jaundice ( difficulties to breathe , muscle weakness , neck pain , inability to obtain an erection , weight gain , weight gain ) - increased appetite - weight gain - muscular weakness , stiffness , numbness , weakness or feeling hot reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : arrhythmia ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( including difficulty swallowing or breathing , or a drop in blood pressure , which may be a sign of heart problems ) chest pain or breathing severe allergic reactions including rash and other serious allergic reactions have been reported . some of these allergic reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . stop taking zytiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . stop taking zytiga and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : arrhythmia and sepsis ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) serious allergic reactions ( including high blood pressure , heart attack , heart attack , breathing , or chest discomfort , or chest pain and / or chest pain and / or chest pain ) fluid around the heart , fluid around the heart , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( qt prolongation ) which can cause arrhythmia or arrhythmia . urinary tract infections has been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( sepsis ). signs of serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : arrhythmia , heart rhythm problems , chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes in heart rhythm , changes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment with hefiya . tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as kidney failure , shock , which may be life - threatening , stroke , heart attack , changes in mood or behaviour , changes in mood including a decreased sex drive and a change in your mood or behaviour . urinary tract infections , such as stuffy nose , headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick , wounds , nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , prickling , tingling , prickling or burning sensations in the arms and legs , or increased tearing in the eye such as nose , jaw or jaw , leg pain , vision problems , eye inflammation , inflammation of the eye , fever , high blood pressure , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , fungal infections , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infections , including cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , fungal infections , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infections , such as cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , fungal infections , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , such as cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , fungal infections , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , such as cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infections , including cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal sense of smell , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary incontinence , fungal infections , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , high blood pressure , fungal infection , fungal infections , cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , bloody stools , abnormal dreams , abnormal sense of smell , dry or dry mouth , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary retention , fungal infection , urinary retention , fungal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects stop taking ritemvia and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 24 if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 24 hours . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with ritemvia . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you start paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you start paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . keep your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : a common side effect that may affect more than 4 in 4 people . in general , the most commonly general side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . if you are worried about any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in capecitabine_teva appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of a very serious side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop using the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased levels of calcium in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose and sore throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . serious side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , cough , decreased blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome ( myalgia ), kidney impairment , acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( eosinophilia ), increase in thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( eosinophilia ), increase in thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ); low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , low blood pressure and chills have also been reported . if you experience any of these , stop using afstyla and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : sepsis ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( sepsis ), which may be potentially life threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as these may be signs of a serious condition called sepsis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of temomedac , seek medical advice straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to the disease . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . symptoms of autoimmune disorders such as bleeding , bruising , sleepiness , confusion , convulsions , inflammation of the lining of the airways ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) pneumonia ( infection of the lung : pneumonia , bronchitis , fluid retention , fluid retention , fluid retention , swollen legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) decreased sharpness of mood , mood swings , hallucination , impaired vision , speech disorder , rapid or irregular heartbeat ( palpitations ) palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) palpitations , forgetfulness , mood swings , confusion , forgetfulness , mood swings , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort ringing or buzzing in the ears , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal sense of taste , ringing in the ears , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath or cough , cough , infection of the lung , infection of the sinuses , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry mouth , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath or cough , inflammation of veins in the lungs , collection of fluid in the abdomen , bronchitis , dry mouth , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry mouth , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , deafness - ringing in the ears ( palpitations ), - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), blood in the urine ( signs of pneumonia ) - bronchitis ( fluid retention ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - increased level of creatinine uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - reduced number of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) - mood swings , mood swings , hallucination , impaired vision , partial loss of vision , convulsion ( fits ), palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - palpitations ( forgetfulness , mood swings , confusion , forgetfulness , mood swings , ringing in the ears , impaired vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , tinnitus / ringing in the ears , abnormal vision , ringing in the ears , deafness - ringing in the ears , abnormal sense of taste - ringing in the ears , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath or cough , cough , infection of the lung , infection of the lung , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , hives , difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , decreased blood pressure , angina and sudden drop in blood pressure and angina , which could be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , being sick ( vomiting ), stomach ache , reflux or pain , joint pain , pain in arms and legs , facial flushing , headache and dizziness . other side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , heart attack , chest pain , feeling of tightening of the chest ( angina ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain_in_arms_and_legs , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux , muscle aches , and pain in extremities , back pain , leakage of milk from the breasts , jaw , limbs , and / or joints ( including decreased blood flow to parts of the brain ), feeling or being sick , being sick , vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux in the stomach , muscle aches , pain in limbs , back pain , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , decreased blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to a stroke or sudden drop in blood pressure . other side effects with this medicine are : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , heart attack , chest pain , slow heartbeat , angina , high blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain in extremities , back pain , leakage of milk from the breasts , back , limbs , and / or joints ( including decreased blood flow to parts of the limbs ), feeling of tightening of the throat , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux , pain in arms and legs , back pain , painful urination , non - prolonged urination , reduced or reduced urine output , feeling less hungry or having high blood pressure , low blood pressure , pain in your chest , feeling or being sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux in the stomach , muscle aches , pain in limbs , back pain , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , decreased blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to angina high blood pressure and low blood pressure . other side effects with this medicine are : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure , heart attack , chest pain , angina ( low blood pressure ) nasal congestion , high blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , pain_in_arms_and_legs , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux , pain in arms or legs , back pain , osteoporosis pectoris / uncontrolled movement of the ovaries or pounding , feeling less hungry or having high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux , pain in arms or legs , back pain , stiffness in muscles , arms or legs , reduced blood pressure , reduced blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , sudden fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to angina high blood pressure and low blood pressure . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people high blood pressure . heart attack , chest pain , angina ( heart attack ) angina ( high blood pressure , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux or stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may also cause a very serious side effect called hypoglycaemia ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to generally_mild/moderate . if you develop symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). see a doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of stomach pain , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating and anaphylactic shock ( the most common side effect , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as hypoglycaemia ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : 31 very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the site of injection . if you develop symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). see a doctor immediately if you experience symptoms of stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , sweating and anaphylactic shock ( this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . hypoglycaemia is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms of such reactions include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , and sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( anaphylactic reactions ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 , 000 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , which can be life - threatening . flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny nose , sore throat common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): inflammation of the sinuses ( hypotension ), weight loss , decreased appetite . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): heartbeat , urinary tract infection , heartbeat , restlessness with a feeling of restlessness or a throbbing feeling in the mouth , a gut disorder in the stomach or bowels , reduced levels of potassium in the blood , abnormal kidney function tests , abnormal kidney function tests , kidney failure , allergic_(hypersensitivity)_reaction kidney failure , worsening of bleeding under the skin , swollen face , swollen tongue or skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( runny nose , abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , constipation , dry mouth , hives ( nettle - rash ), muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , pain in joints . muscle pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : damage in the front part of the eye ( corneal disorder ), localised swelling of the front layer of the tongue and face ( including localised discharge from the front part of the iris ), localised swelling of the surface of the eye ( eyelid ), damage to the front layer of the eyelids ( the iris ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( sensitive layer of the front part of the iris ), swelling of the eyelid ( eyelid ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( sensitive layer of the front part of the iris ), swelling of the eyelid ( eyelid ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( sensitive layer of the front part of the eye ), swelling of the eyelid and hair in the iris . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) skin inflammation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large part of the white part of the eyes or iris ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( eyelid ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( eyelid ), damage to the clear layer of the iris , damage to the clear layer of the iris , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the eyelids , damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( small tear covering the front part of the iris ) side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) skin inflammation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large layer that lines the eyeball and covers the white of the eye ) and detachment of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer in front part of the iris and iris ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye , swelling of the eyelid and eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) skin inflammation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large layer that lines the eyeball and covers the white of the eye ). damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( small tear covering the front of the eye ) and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer in front part of the iris and iris ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) skin inflammation , inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the large layer that lines the eyeball and covers the white of the eye ) and damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye ( conjunctival haemorrhage ), damage to the clear layer of the front part of the eye (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin ) erythema ( see section 1 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , gastroenteritis , sinusitis , headache , stomach ache , constipation , nausea , stomach ache , liver function tests abnormal , abnormal muscle sensations , joint swelling , muscular weakness , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling ( paraesthesia ), tiredness ( malaise ), blurred vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , vertigo , difficulty with speaking , back pain , changes in your sense of taste , vertigo , difficulty with speaking , dry skin , changes in your sense of taste , vertigo , difficulty with writing properly , ringing in the ears , vertigo , difficulty with swallowing , abnormal blood test results ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the skin ), vertigo , difficulty with writing properly , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine ( signs of changes in the amount of potassium or phosphate in your blood ), abnormal blood test results ( creatinine increased ), increased sweating , weight increased , increased urine output ( thrombocytopenia ), difficulty in passing urine , increased need to urinate at night , needing to urinate more often than usual , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow , weight decreased , weight decreased , increased urine output , weight decreased , increased urine output , weight decreased , urinary incontinence ( inability to obtain an erection ), weight increase or decrease , weight increase , weight increase . urinary tract infection ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) and low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count , bleeding , phlebitis ( a condition where flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , malaise , swollen abdomen , swollen lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), itchy rash , acne skin , acne , dry skin , acne , change in skin colour , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by thickening and swelling of the skin , acne . change in the colour of your nails , difficulty in swallowing , itchy skin , thickening of the skin , acne of the skin , acne , change in skin colour , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by thickening and thickening of the skin characterized by acne . flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , malaise , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of ankles , ankles or feet , difficulty in swallowing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , acne , change in skin colour , acne of the skin , acne , change in skin colour , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by thickening and thickening of the skin , acne . flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , malaise , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ), itchy skin , acne or raised itchy bumps on the skin , acne . change in the colour of your nails , which may be a sign of difficulty in swallowing , itchy skin , thickening of the skin , acne or small purple spots under the skin , acne , change in skin colour , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by thickening and swelling of the skin , acne . flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , malaise , swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , swelling of ankles , ankles or feet , difficulty in swallowing , itchy skin , redness of the skin , acne , change in skin colour , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by thickening and thickening of the skin characterized by acne . flu - like symptoms , fever , chills , malaise , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ), itchy skin , acne or raised itchy bumps on the skin ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your copd . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of adasuve alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a decrease in the levels of copd in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , lack of energy , feeling sleepy , increased blood pressure , fainting , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , changes in your blood pressure and confusion . - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion . - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood or copd . - dizziness , decreased feeling or feeling hungry , feeling hungry , increased blood pressure , fainting , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , light - headedness , fainting , faintness , dizziness , decreased urination , confusion . - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased blood pressure , confusion ) - suicidal thoughts , dizziness , decreased blood pressure , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urination , confusion . - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by dizziness , decreased urination , feeling thirsty , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness or fainting , faintness or faintness , decreased urine output , confusion ). - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterised by high blood pressure , asthma , decreased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , which can be life - threatening . flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , nasal congestion ( common ) or in the mouth , gut or gut ( sinusitis ), sore or sore , sore throat , sore throat , nasal congestion ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) infections of the blood ( sepsis ), sepsis ( sepsis ), low number of a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) which are important in fighting infection ( see above ) swollen lymph nodes feeling tired feeling tired ( shaking ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of energy and strength ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a serious infection called bacteria and sepsis ( low white blood cell counts ) thrombocytopenia ( a type of platelets called cell leukaemia ) high level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) in the blood feeling tired feeling tired ( tired ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( loss of appetite ) somnolence ( lack of energy and strength ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of energy and strength ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a serious infection called bacteria and sepsis ( low white blood cell counts ) thrombocytopenia ( a type of platelets called cell leukaemia ) high level of " eosinophils " a type of white blood cell ( platelets ) in the blood feeling tired , tired , shaking or asthenia ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) increased blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) feeling somnolence ( somnolence ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a serious infection called bacteria ( sepsis ) low level of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ( platelets ) in your blood ( cells that help blood to clot ) fluid retention feeling tired feeling tired ( shaking ) shaking ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( feeling of somnolence , somnolence or asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) phosphorus or phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) somnolence ( lack of blood supply to the heart ) thrombocytopenia ( low blood pressure ) somnolence ( lack of energy and strength ) increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ) phosphorus in blood tests ( thrombocytopenia ) decreased blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) feeling of somnolence ( somnolence ) feeling somnolence ( somnolence
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abdominal pain headache joint pain ( difficulty in passing urine ) abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain 34 dizziness ( including tiredness ) dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) dry mouth a sore throat feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain headache joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain decreased appetite 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the mouth , tongue or throat urinary tract infection , abnormal dreams , vomiting 34 ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) 34 pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) dry mouth difficulty in sleeping cough or vomiting 34 ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ) 34 constipation , dry mouth abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests this may cause the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in hands or feet feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea abdominal pain joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain decreased appetite 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain abnormal liver function tests vomiting 34 dry mouth stomach pain sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) abnormal liver test results itching of 34 increased sweating 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain abnormal liver function tests vomiting 34 dry mouth abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests this may cause the following additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in hands or feet feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain decreased appetite 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 dry mouth abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests this may cause the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in hands or feet feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain urinary tract infection decreased appetite difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) joint pain low level of phosphate in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , difficulty in swallowing vomiting 34 abdominal pain joint pain inability to achieve or maintain erection 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and / or throat , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests vomiting 34 dry mouth abnormal liver function tests itching of 34 increased sweating muscle cramps sexual dysfunction such as joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and / or throat , abnormal liver function tests vomiting 34 dry mouth abnormal liver function tests abnormal liver function tests this may cause the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in hands or feet feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain decreased appetite 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) vomiting 34 constipation , stomach pain abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests , increased muscle tone or joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth , teeth and / or jaw , abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests vomiting 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the mouth , tongue or throat , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood hives 34 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain in hands or feet feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting stomach pain , joint pain abnormal liver function tests , abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of fatigue or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of some blood cells , such as fever , chills and fatigue , as these could be signs of a respiratory distress syndrome , which may be accompanied by fever , chills and fatigue , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( fever ). chills , chills and fatigue ( common ). - if you experience fever , chills and fatigue ( common ), if you have a temperature of fever , chills or fatigue ( common ), if you have a temperature of fever , chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of calcium in your blood , such as fever and chills , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( anaemia ). - if you experience a fever , chills and fatigue ( common ), if you have a temperature of 38c or greater , fever , chills or fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia may make you more prone to anaemia , make you have a fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia may make you more prone to anaemia , which may be a sign of stomach problems such as nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), headache , tiredness and / or loss of appetite . these may be signs of a condition called fever , chills and muscle weakness . these signs may be due to an uncommon , such as fever , chills or fatigue . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience stomach weakness , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia , which may reduce the ability of blood to clot , which could be fatal . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or fatigue , or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - chills or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may make you be more prone to chills , flu - like symptoms , e . g . nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - headache and / or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - headache and / or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia may make you more prone to anaemia , which may be a sign of stomach problems such as nausea and vomiting , loss of appetite , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ), - headache and / or fatigue , as these may be signs of a low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a combination of any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). anaemia may make you more prone to anaemia , make your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently , you should immediately on the symptoms and signs of bowel problems such as nausea and vomiting , as well as loss of appetite . - low level of red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop using leflunomide medac : if you feel unwell during or after the infusion , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of varuby . these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction : - muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness or weakness - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the injection . - an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness or weakness - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the injection . - if you develop an allergic reaction , stop using varuby and tell your doctor immediately . - an allergic reaction : the symptoms may include : muscle weakness - weakness , tenderness or weakness - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the injection . - if you feel unwell during or after the infusion , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you develop an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , or weakness tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell or feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . the symptoms may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the injection . you may feel feel unwell . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . symptoms include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness immediately tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the injection . you may feel feel unwell . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or develop an allergic reaction to varuby . you may be more likely to develop an allergic reaction to varuby . such reactions may be life - threatening . muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction which may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of varuby . an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction which may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of varuby . an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after this medicine . if you feel unwell during or after the injection , you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell during or after the infusion of varuby . an allergic reaction may include :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , itching and hives ( allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - loss of strength or strength ( asthenia ) - muscle spasm ( musculoskeletal pain ) - muscle spasm common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased white blood cell count ( candidiasis ) - candidiasis ( infection of the veins ) - a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - urinary tract infection - headache - joint or muscle pain ( dysuria ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - urinary tract infection - candidiasis - oral thrush ( hoarseness ) - candidiasis ( inflammation of the blood vessels ) - skin rash - difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ) - presence of blood in urine ( dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in people taking delstrigo for a long time , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following : serious allergy ( common , may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( a fungal infection ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling weak - pain in the limbs - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - feeling tired - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - wind ( flatulence ) - stomach ache - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - fluid ( abdominal ) pain - heartburn ( dyspepsia ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - changes in taste - kidney stones - kidney stones - kidney stones - kidney stones - painful urination - muscle weakness - abnormal kidney test results ( creatinine elevations ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of allergy : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , muscle stiffness , tingling or feeling of spinning ( sleepy , feeling or being sick , being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sleepy , difficulty in concentrating , tingling or numbness of the skin uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sleepy feeling or feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy , dry muscle , sensitivity of the ears , tingling or numbness of the skin 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , vertigo inflammation of the stomach , dry mouth excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement , abnormal muscle movements , abnormal muscle movements , sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal taste , vertigo increased sense of taste dry mouth ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste vertigo , increased tear production , tingling , ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) increased muscle tone , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , taste disturbance vertigo ( increased or reduced sensation ) dry mouth , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) abnormal muscle sensations , tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , taste disturbance vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) increased muscle tone , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 abnormal sensation of sensation such as tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation vertigo ( increased or reduced sensation in the skin 37 abnormal sensation of sensation such as tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation vertigo ( increased or reduced sensation in the skin 37 abnormal sensation of sensation such as tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation vertigo , increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( vertigo ), spinning sensation 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty in sleeping dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), dry mouth , difficulty or painful swallowing , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 changes in muscle tone , tingling or numbness 37 37 spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling or numbness 37 37 spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling or numbness 37 37 spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling or numbness 37 37 spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling or numbness 37 37 spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling , ringing in the ears vertigo , spinning sensation 37 changes in the way things taste tingling , tingling or numbness 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of hands and feet 37 not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): spinning sensation 37 abnormal sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 high blood pressure , vertigo , increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone , tingling , or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tone
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , feeling tired , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills or a general feeling of tiredness . - chills , chills , feeling tired and low levels of consciousness ( a type of allergic reaction ). - if you experience a rash , itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ): - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness . - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions . - if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , muscle weakness . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - eye problems - dizziness or confusion - muscular weakness - numbness or tingling of the skin - low blood sugar - anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ) - anaemia ( low blood sugar ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - anaemia ( low number of red blood cells ) - low blood sugar - headache - dizziness - sensation of tingling and / or tightness in the mouth and / or hands . - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - vertigo - enlargement of the breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; sore mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised infections ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; - changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised infections ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; - changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised infections ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; - changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised infections ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; - changes in taste or loss of taste of food . - gout . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised infections ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; - swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in taste or loss of taste
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , spasm or spasm , irritability , nervousness , extreme tiredness , low blood pressure , palpitations , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sneezing , throat irritation , sinus infection , sinus infection , stomach flu , indigestion , vomiting , passing wind , loose stools , hair loss , hair loss , joint or muscle pain , pain in your arms or legs , joint pain , joint pain , generalised swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ulcer , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , dry eye , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , muscle twitching , abnormal sense of smell , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , indigestion , vomiting , bloody stools , difficulty swallowing , hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , dry eye , night sweats , joint swelling , joint pain , generalised swelling . uncommon side effects : may affect up to 1 in 100 people chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , stomach ulcer , feeling sick ( nausea ), hair loss , inflammation of the eye , small red or purple spots on the skin , dry eye , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased tendency to bruise , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sinus infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , gastrointestinal infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , fungal infections
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or in your blood ( which would be detected during blood tests ) or in the number of red blood cells or red blood cells ( which carry oxygen ), which may be severe and lead to weakness and breathlessness , heart attack , chest pain or shortness of breath , which may be a sign of a serious infection called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can be life threatening and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), however ( less than 0.4 months of treatment ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache joint pain skin rash with fever feeling sick ( fatigue ) feeling very tired if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have previously been treated with treatment with treatment . other common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during or after a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first months of treatment and will usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first months of treatment and will usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first months of treatment and will usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first months of treatment and will usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first months of treatment and will usually disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( fatigue ), a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood . this is more likely to occur during the first treatment . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red blood cells or in your blood ( called neutrophils ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increase of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increase of certain white blood cells ( neutrophils ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and / or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) reduction in the number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood ( which may make you more prone to infection ) reduction in the number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood ( which may make you more prone to infection ) reduction in the number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood ( which may make you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by riluzole_zentiva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not being sick ( liver_disease_(hepatitis) ) or being sick ( vomiting ) liver problems ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). anaemia may be a sign of a rare severe reduction in your blood cells , which can make you be more prone to infections , you may also have a serious allergic reaction to the eyes or the whites of your eyes , jaundice ( jaundice ), as well as localised swelling of the face , eyes or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick ( sick ), as these may indicate problems of blood tests to show changes in liver function tests , which may be a sign of liver problems : anaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) pancreatitis ( jaundice ) inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin ) jaundice ( itching of the skin )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , swelling of the hands , feet , ankles , or feet ( peripheral oedema ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , injection site pain , itching , rash , bruising , hives , swelling ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , light - headedness , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site reactions , swelling , swelling and bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , rash swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( feeling of faintness ) vertigo ( including injection site reaction , injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling , itching , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing or dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( feeling of faintness ) vertigo ( including injection site reaction , injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling , itching , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing or dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( feeling of faintness ) vertigo ( including injection site reaction , injection site pain , itching , rash , low blood pressure , hives , swelling , itching , injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing or dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( feeling of faintness ) vertigo ( including injection site reaction , injection site pain , itching , rash , red spots on skin , hives , swelling , pain ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing or dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , hardening of the skin , hives , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection , injection site reactions , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , itching , rash , hardening of the skin ), hives , swelling and / or pain at the injection site , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , hardening of the skin , hives , swelling and / or pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you experience fever , difficulty in breathing or difficulty breathing or swallowing contact a doctor immediately . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( fever ) - fever these side effects are common in adults and adults . these side effects may become severe . these side effects may occur with the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects may be a sign of a possible kidney problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . these side effects are very common . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . these side effects are very common . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become severe . these side effects are very common . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults and adolescents . these side effects may become
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - fatigue ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - aching or tender muscles ( abdomen ) - pain in muscles or bones - joint pain - thinning ( itching ) - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - increased hair loss or thinning - inflammation of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - increased hair loss or thinning - inflammation of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting - increased liver - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting - increased liver - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting - increased liver - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - increased liver enzymes - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , heartburn , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting - increased liver - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - cough - abdominal pain - diarrhoea - heartburn - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - increased liver - thinning of the liver - thinning of the liver - joint pain - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - rash - itching - dry skin - joint pain - joint_pain - flu - like symptoms
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause you to have an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction : hives , swelling , pain and tenderness of the skin , irritability , seizures , fever , skin inflammation , bruising , swelling , pain , redness , soreness and / or soreness of the skin , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , redness , soreness , soreness and / or soreness of the skin , swelling of your lips , face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . low blood pressure ( measles - like measles ) measles - like measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting , diarrhoea , or other breathing problems . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain of the hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may be sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( due to a drop in blood pressure ) ( see section 2 . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , redness , tenderness , pain , diarrhoea or vomiting . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): chest pain , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may be sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure ( hypertension ), fluid collection in the lungs , vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain in your legs , arms or legs swelling of your hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may be a sign of low level of calcium in the blood . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or soreness of the skin , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the lung , such as vomiting , diarrhoea , or other breathing problems ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain in your legs , arms or legs swelling of the hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) measles - like illness , such as vomiting and diarrhoea as well as low blood pressure . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain in your legs , arms or legs swelling of the hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) measles - like illness , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain in your legs , arms or legs swelling of the hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) measles - like illness , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and difficulty in breathing . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low level of phosphate in the blood , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness or pain in your legs , arms or legs swelling of the hands , feet or ankles in the hands or feet , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) measles - like illness , such as vomiting , diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a combination of a severe condition , such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips or breathing , breathing difficulties as these may indicate problems of the blood vessels in the lung ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your muscles , as these may indicate difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , - dizziness , - feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , abdominal pain or indigestion , - severe constipation , - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , - feeling your muscles in your muscles or groin . your doctor will tell you how to treat an infection and / or any other medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - indigestion - abdominal pain - indigestion - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen - accumulation of fluid in the abdomen , groin or groin - a decrease in the levels of a substance produced in the muscles and / or groin ( shown in a blood test ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - black ( loose ) - feeling sleepy ( asthenia ) - low blood pressure - redness and swelling of the palms of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - shingles ( e . g . numbness , numbness , tingling , tingling or burning sensations in the hands and feet ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin , such as nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( faeces ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of your hands or groin which may be a sign of blood_vessels - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning sensations of the hands and feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin , such as nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( faeces ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis and swelling of the palms of your hands or groin which may be a sign of blood_vessels - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin , such as nausea , vomiting , black or bloody stools ( faeces ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - excess of fluid in the tissues , especially in the muscles or in the muscles or in the groin - numbness or tingling - tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia erythrodysesthesia in the muscles or groin ) - numbness or tingling - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; - numbness , tingling , tingling or burning in hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - inflammation of the mucous membrane of the muscles or groin ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypertension ) hyperglycaemia ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of weakness or pain in the arms and legs ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( possible signs of low blood pressure ) hyperglycaemia ( a life - threatening allergic reaction ) hyperglycaemia ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects stop taking riximyo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 24 if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 24 hours . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with riximyo . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you start paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you start paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . keep your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 : signs and symptoms include difficulty in breathing , cough , breathing , nausea , vomiting or loss of appetite ) see a doctor straight away if you notice any unusual bruising or bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - bleeding or bleeding in your stomach or intestines which may be associated with feeling sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - loss of appetite ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of platelets in the blood ( known as thrombocytopenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased appetite - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual bruising or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets ( cells that help blood to clot ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of platelets
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , high blood pressure , feeling confused , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the side effects above . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or drowsy , confused , confused , hypertension ( hypertension ), 48 48 vomiting , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestine , stomach or intestinal pain , indigestion , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ), weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the eyes , throat or throat , abnormal feeling in the mouth ( thrush ), excessive sweating , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in the sense of taste , weight gain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the eyes , throat or throat , abnormal feeling in the mouth ( thrush ), excessive sweating , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in the sense of touch in the stomach , weight gain or weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the eyes , throat or throat , abnormal feeling in the mouth ( thrush ), excessive sweating , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in the sense of taste , weight gain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the throat , swollen tongue or throat , abnormal sensation in the mouth ( thrush ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , pain in the abdomen , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach or intestinal , increase in your sense of taste ( dysgeusia ), hair loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the eyes , swollen or swollen tongue , abnormal sensation in the mouth ( thrush ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , pain in the abdomen , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , indigestion , itching ( pruritus ), rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention ( dysgeusia ), muscle cramps , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : swollen glands in the eyes ( hands and feet ), decreased level of calcium in the blood , excess of bilirubin in the blood ( the substance in the kidney ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : swollen face , tongue or throat , abnormal sensation in the mouth ( thrush ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , pain in the abdomen , indigestion , constipation , constipation , ulcers in the stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , itching ( pruritus ), rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention ( dysgeusia ), disturbance in attention , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : swollen glands in the eyes , swollen hands or throat ( peripheral oedema ), itching of the skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , indigestion pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , indigestion , itching ( pruritus ), rash ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in urine , muscle cramps , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : swollen glands in the eyes , throat or throat , abnormal feeling in the mouth ( thrush ), excess of fluid in the abdomen , pain in the abdomen , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , indigestion , itching ( pruritus ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea vomiting abdominal vomiting constipation constipation skin rash flaking of the skin feeling abnormal_blood_tests_showing_reduced_functionality tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting abdominal pain constipation raised liver enzymes ( in blood tests ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red blood cells or platelets in the blood ( cells that help the blood to clot ) sometimes life - threatening bleeding inside the skull ( chest ) caused by reduced blood flow to the heart muscle ( heart_attack_narrowing ) blood clot in a vein thrombosis ( venous vein thrombosis ) high potassium levels in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) sudden severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the heart and its valves organ failure abnormal heart rythm called heart_attack_narrowing bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) excess of eosinophils ( a type of blood cell ) in the blood blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by break - down of dying cancer cells and myelodysplastic syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by radiation therapy , including destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) certain event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of growth . however , it is not known how often these side effects happen a reduction in white blood cells which can be life - threatening . it may lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , low levels of blood platelets , hair loss , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), swelling of the surface of the eyelids ( cornea ), or an increase in blood test results ( like phosphates in the iris ) or other changes in the levels of some blood cells in the blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as inflammation of the front layer of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be caused by a decrease in the production of some types of anti - bodies in the blood that may require treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if you have any further questions on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - weakness or sudden drop in blood pressure ; - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat ; which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - if you experience a cough , fever and serious deterioration of your general condition , - swelling of the lips , tongue or throat . - serious allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing , new or worsening cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - if you experience a cough , fever and serious deterioration of your general condition . - serious skin reactions ( rare ) ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing , new or worsening cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - sudden difficulty breathing or swallowing ( severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing with sudden wheezing or breathlessness - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing with a sudden drop in blood pressure ( shock ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of a serious allergic reaction ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction ( which may include difficulty breathing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes such as shortness of breath or blurred breathing , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . if you experience symptoms such as rashes , shortness of breath , blurred or decreased vision , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you experience a_stroke such as signs and symptoms of rashes such as shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening medical condition . - if you experience symptoms such as pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , or pain at the injection site , and headache . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , facial flushing , feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea 36 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , injection site warmth and numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , change in sense of touch or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , change in sense of touch or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , change in sense of touch or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 36 36 - like numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , change in sense of touch or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , headache , diarrhoea , flu - like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , 36 36 - numbness , burning or pain at the injection site , at injection site , change in sense of touch or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 36 - numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions at the injection site , especially at the injection site , feeling like hard unwell ( numbness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 36 - like - numbness , burning , pain and / or burning sensation at the injection site at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . area_around_the_eyes ) - numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 - 36 - like state - numbness , burning , pain and / or burning sensation at the injection site at injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . area_around_the_eyes ) - numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 36 - numbness , burning or pain at the injection site - injection site reactions ( e . g . burning sensation , numbness ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 36 - numbness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing . this may be a sign of an allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , sore throat or coughing which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - disorientated ( feeling or being sick ) - being sick ( weight loss ) - weight gain - headache - dizziness - lack of energy or strength ( asthenia ) - loss of sensation - numbness and / or tingling sensation ( lethargy ) - lethargy - abnormal heart rhythm - tightness of the chest - coughing - cough - nose bleed - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn - dry mouth - increased sweating - itchy skin - acne - hair loss - muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness - bone or hand pain - hand and foot syndrome - hand and foot syndrome , especially in the hand and around the anus , especially in the hands and anus , from the anus , anus , hands and anus in addition to your doctor . when you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , flatulence , weight loss , weight gain , headache , dizziness , inability to sleep , loss of taste , numbness , altered heart rate , tightness of the chest , coughing , cough - nose bleed - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , feeling sick , being sick , dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , dry mouth - increased sweating , itchy skin , hair loss , dry skin , acne - hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness - bone or hand pain , hand and foot pain in the hand , or in the hands or anus , especially in the hands or anus during the hand of the anus , or during the extremities , such as flatulence , your anus or your anus gets worse . - flatulence ( feeling sick or being sick ). - dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , itchy skin , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin reddening , dry skin , acne - increased sweating , hair loss , acne - back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , pain in your hand , hand and / or hand uncommon : - increased sweating , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , bone or hand pain , hand and foot pain in the hand , or in the hands or anus during the hand of the hands or anus during
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; constipation ; dry mouth ; elevated levels of liver enzymes ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain . - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . - respiratory tract infection . - skin infection . - redness and swelling of the palms of the hands and feet ( diverticulitis ). - constipation - abdominal pain or discomfort . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - difficulty in breathing . - swelling of the face and throat . - swelling in the calves and ankles ( diverticulitis ). - swelling in your legs and / or legs ( diverticulitis ). - discharge from the eyes ( sciatica ). - discharge from the eyes ( sciatica ). - discharge from the eyes ( sciatica ), double vision , double vision and light sensitivity to light . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects have been reported ( uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart problems which can cause yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), - swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the eyelid ( diverticulitis ), discharge in the eye ( sciatica ), - discharge in your eye ( sciatica ), - a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( sciatica ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with prolia . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice a skin pain or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a rash , redness or stinging of your face , face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing or swallowing , sudden drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - pain , redness , stinging , bruising or thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), as well as loss of consciousness that may be life - threatening , or loss of consciousness . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - pain , redness , stinging , bruising or thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), as well as loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these , loss of consciousness , as this may be a sign of loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin pain or swelling at the application site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - pain , redness , stinging , or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - reduction in blood platelets , which may make you more prone to bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), - red blood cells which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or chills ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - red blood cells that may make you more prone to bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in the number of red blood cells or in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood known as thrombotic microangiopathy ( meningitis ) - severe headache , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine . meningitis tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following signs of meningitis such as : - weakness , chills , feeling drowsy , tired or looking pale , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine , e . g . with a severe meningitis , e . g . with a short period of time ) - if you get a slight tremor , weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , severe tiredness or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice loss of consciousness , if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , " what you need to know before you are given this medicine , e . g . with or without meningitis , with other signs of bleeding , including bleeding , bruising , chills , feeling of being sick , tired , sweating or loss of consciousness ) if you notice a severe allergic reaction , or loss of consciousness , if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine ( see section 2 , "
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . signs may include difficulty breathing , feeling faint , severe skin reactions , itchy rash , peeling and swelling of the skin and swelling of the face , limb or limb . if you have any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from the doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following symptoms after vaccination with bexsero has finished , you should see your doctor or healthcare professional immediately . the following side effects have been reported with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - pain in arms or legs - pain at the injection site - hardness , hard_lump - injection site reactions at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site , hardness at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site . - if you get any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from the doctor as soon as possible . - if you get any of the following symptoms after vaccination with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - pain in arms or legs - pain at the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - loss of appetite - headache - crying - sleepiness - feeling of weakness or pins and needles - feeling jittery . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a sudden fall in blood pressure ; - fainting ; - feeling of elation or paleness ; - abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia ( difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing ; itchy skin ; dry skin ; dry skin ; inflammation of the limb or limb ; - feeling like and unwell ; - general pain at the injection site . in addition to the side effects listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - pain in arms or legs - pain at the injection site - hardness or tingling at the injection site - hardness or tingling at the injection site - hardness or hard_lump of the skin at the site of injection , hardness , or warmth at the site of injection . - general pain at the injection site , hardness , or warmth at the injection site . in addition to the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after vaccination with vaccines given routinely every year to prevent other side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - pain in arms or legs - pain at the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - loss of appetite - headache - crying - sleepiness - swelling of limbs and / or joints ( oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a fall in blood pressure , which , if you feel fainting , feel thoughts , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - itchy skin , redness of the skin , - swelling of the face or limb - feeling of coldness in the eye - feeling of general discomfort - feeling unwell - pain in the arms and legs - 11 . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials with bexsero : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - pain in arms or legs - pain at the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - hardness or hard_lump around the injection site - loss of appetite - headache - crying - sleepiness - swelling of limbs and / or joints ( oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a fall in blood pressure , which , if you feel fainting , feel thoughts , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - itchy skin , redness of the skin , - swelling of the face or limb -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): decrease in the number of red blood cells or or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bleeding , swelling , palms of the hands and soles of your feet and sores in your feet , which may cause yellowing of your arms , face or body , change in your sense of taste . muscle weakness or pains , back pain , bone pain , or pain in your hands or feet , or in hands or feet , or in combination of flu - like symptoms weight gain , weight gain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) decreased number of platelets in the blood ( which can make you more prone to infection ) increased triglycerides ( fatty acids ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe allergic reactions ( phlebitis ) increase in blood pressure , phlebitis ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of anaphylactic reactions ), phlebitis ( swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet , due to nerve damage ) excess fluid in body tissue , blood in the urine ( protein in the urine ) when docetaxel is used with medicines that contain a long time , the following may occur with docetaxel . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with docetaxel . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as skin reactions , phlebitis ( inflammation of the vein ) or swelling blood clots . acute myeloid leukaemia and myelodysplastic syndrome ( types of blood cancer ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . docetaxel may also cause changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - severe pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or constipation . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high_blood_pressure_(hypertension) ( high blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation - collection of fluid ( dehydration ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation - collection of fluid ( dehydration ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( oedema peripheral ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - excessive sweating ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tummy pain - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - insomnia ( fast heart rate ) - insomnia ( fast heart beat ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation - collection of fluid ( dehydration ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - constipation - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - constipation - headache ( fatigue ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( insomnia ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - abdominal discomfort - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - collection of fluid ( dehydration ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - rash ( pruritus ) - swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation ( fatigue ) - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - chest pain , feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tummy pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - change in liver function - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or increase in liver enzymes - serious allergic reactions , such as rash , itching , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and low blood pressure , hot flushes , flushing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , loss of energy , high blood pressure , low blood pressure ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the blood vessels in the lungs . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach stomach - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach stomach - vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash , itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the blood in urine very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach stomach - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach stomach - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the lungs ( this may cause large intestine and other urinary tract ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach stomach - vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( ovarian cysts ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of blood clotting very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach stomach - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( ovarian cysts ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( ovarian cysts ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the womb ( ovarian cysts ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting , vomiting - nausea - 29 - high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of adynovi is a very rare side effect ( likely to occur , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience any of the following early symptoms of allergic reactions : - rash , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - fainting - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - dizziness - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea - rash - itchy rash - hives - wheals ( wheals ) where the injection is given - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) - severe symptoms of fainting - loss of consciousness and / or fainting ( 2 ) - see section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips or tongue , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - headache - nausea - diarrhoea - nausea - rash - abnormal sensation in the skin ( hives ) - wheals ( wheals ) where the injection is given - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low red blood cell count ( allergic reaction ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) - fainting - loss of consciousness - fainting ( see also section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). - low levels of sodium in the blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , difficulty breathing or swallowing contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , discomfort or discomfort in the stomach ( abdomen ), vomiting ( feeling sick ) fever ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tremor ) drowsiness ( tremor ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) headache dizziness drowsiness ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) nausea ( vomiting ) weight gain kidney stones which may cause the following symptoms : low blood pressure ( hypertension ) nausea ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( fatigue ) weight gain kidney stones which may cause kidney problems ( including dry eyes , vomiting , weight gain , kidney problems , which may be a sign of kidney problems ) chest pain , discomfort in the stomach , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion ( abdominal distension ) blood tests may show : high blood pressure ( hypertension ) nausea ( feeling sick ) vomiting weight gain kidney stones which may cause kidney problems ( including dry eyes , vomiting , weight gain , kidney problems , which may be a sign of kidney problems ) chest pain , discomfort in the stomach , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion ( abdominal distension ), blood in urine ( dehydration ), swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), tingling ( paraesthesia ), diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), weight gain , and drowsiness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): breast development , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), drowsiness ( tremor ), headache , dizziness ( fatigue ), tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ):  chest pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( pain in the abdomen ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), headache ( fatigue ), headache ( fatigue ), dizziness ( fatigue ), tiredness ( fatigue ), dizziness ( fatigue ), headache ( fatigue ), flushing ( tingling sensations ), pain ( including stomach and needles ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( abdominal distension ), blood in the urine ( usually insignificant ), vomiting ( fatigue ), weight gain , kidney stones , blood in the urine , pain in the stomach , vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , swollen abdomen ( arthralgia ), swelling ( oedema ), hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions ") ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - headache , dizziness and drowsiness ( common ), ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ), pain in the stomach , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), drowsiness ( tremor ), headache , dizziness ( fatigue ), tingling ( paraesthesia )  diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( swollen abdomen ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain , - ringing in the ears , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( sickness ), - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), - vomiting ( dyspepsia ), - tiredness ( fatigue ), - drowsiness ( tremor ), - tiredness ( fatigue ), - headache ( fatigue ), - swelling ( oedema ), - swelling ( oedema ), - headache ( pyrexia ), - headache ( pyrexia ), - swelling of the abdomen ( oedema ), - nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( sickness ), - weight gain , - blood in the urine (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have one or more of the following symptoms : wheezing or coughing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , symptoms of angioedema ( e . g . angioedema , rapid swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat ), collapse or loss of consciousness . these symptoms may be a sign of a serious sudden life - threatening allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , upper respiratory tract infection , low red or purple blood cells , and increased platelets in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( signs of angioedema ) bleeding in the stomach or throat , runny or blocked nose , problems with the mouth or in the throat ( angioedema ), infection of the nose and throat ( possible signs of bleeding in the mouth ) runny or blocked nose cold sores ( stomatitis ), runny or blocked nose pain in the mouth , runny or blocked nose cold sores or inflammation of the mouth , runny nose , bleeding in the nose , runny or blocked nose cold sores or pain in the mouth , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the throat , runny or blocked nose , pain in your mouth , or throat inflammation of the mucous membranes lining with fractures ( fractures ), back pain , joint pain , muscle spasms , chills , feeling weak 68 problems getting an erection , which may be a serious or life - threatening condition . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , fever , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) bleeding in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) bleeding from the nose or throat ( signs of this may include sudden onset of rash or bleeding in the stomach or bowels ) runny or blocked nose cold sores ( stomatitis ) runny or blocked nose cold sores ( stomatitis ) runny or blocked nose inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) runny or blocked nose hair loss ( alopecia ) voice_disorders ( fractures ) back pain muscle spasms muscle spasms / chills feeling weak muscle spasms , muscle spasms , chills feeling weak 68 increased liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore or runny nose pain in the mouth or throat inflammation of the mucous membranes lining the digestive tract common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or runny nose pain in the mouth or throat inflammation of the mouth and / or throat ( possible signs of angioedema , including bleeding in the mouth or throat ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the nose inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the lining of the nose inflammation of the lining of the oesophagus inflammation of the liver inflammation of the kidneys inflammation of the liver inflammation of the kidneys inflammation of the liver inflammation of the
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . lactic acidosis occurs more often in women , particularly at the start of treatment or at intervals during treatment . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect of some people . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv '. common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , problems with your liver ( discomfort or discomfort in the stomach or bowels ), dry skin , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the levels of food in your blood or discomfort , dry skin , feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). - stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort , dry skin , feeling or being sick ( nausea or being sick ). - stomach ( abdominal ) pain or discomfort . - dry mouth . - wind ( flatulence ). - liver failure . - blood tests may show : - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes . - changes in the way things taste . - kidney problems including kidney failure , kidney stones , and kidney failure , which may be a sign of liver problems ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ). - changes in the colour of red blood cells ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ). - serious skin rashes including hepatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially after your treatment with atripla , you should contact your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can occur during or within your treatment with atripla . - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can occur during or after treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect up to one in treatment , particularly at the start of treatment or during treatment . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life threatening . it may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you may have any side effects . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects stop taking blitzima and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : 24 if you have an erection , which lasts continuously for more than 24 hours . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your treatment with blitzima . if you have any of these symptoms , or any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop if you start paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms or get short of breath , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , or improve , the infusion can be continued . these reactions are less likely to happen after you start taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . keep your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or paracetamol . when these symptoms go away , please inform your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects blood tests : low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , neutropenia , or a tendency to develop serious infections allergic reactions allergic reactions which may include rash , itching , chest tightness or difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or nose ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , get medical help immediately . liver disorders : if you have symptoms of rash , itching , chest tightness or difficulty breathing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth o stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . liver problems : if you have symptoms of rash , itching , chest tightness or difficulty breathing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infection with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or mouth o difficulties in swallowing . some side effects could be serious . these include serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue or in the mouth , nose or nose and feeling tired . some side effects could be serious . these side effects may be seen in blood tests . your doctor may shown to increase your blood tests . low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells and platelets ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , dry skin , itching , rash ) rash , rash chest tightness or difficulty breathing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious infection ( symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath or swelling in the legs or in the mouth , nose or nose ), feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ). these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your mouth and needs urgent medical attention . blood tests may show a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and blood platelets ( neutropenia ) - headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , abdominal pain , skin rash , swelling of the lips , tongue or nose , itching and rash . - rash , rash , chest tightness or difficulty breathing . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or mouth o difficulty in swallowing . some side effects could be serious . - blood tests may show an increase in a specific class of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia , red and white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea , constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the lips , tongue or mouth - itching - rash - rash - chest_tightness - rash - rash - chest_tightness - rash - rash - chest tightness ( angina ) - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infection ( pneumonia ) - symptoms of tiredness - sore throat - runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or nose - difficulty in swallowing - some side effects could be serious . - blood tests may show an increase in a specific white blood cells ( called neutropenia ) - a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea , constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - swelling of the lips , tongue or nose - itching - rash - rash - chest_tightness - rash - rash - chest_tightness - rash - rash - chest tightness ( angina ) - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the lung ( symptoms include tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the tongue and / or throat ) - general feeling of being unwell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you develop pain , swelling , redness or sores in your mouth and / or throat . - swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe fever or fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . the signs may include : fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food after being treated with food . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue with or without fever , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . the first symptoms may include : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . if you are given bortezomib for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue with or without fever , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue . - severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue . - severe pain in the abdomen and back which does not go away or stools if you notice any signs of a severe allergic reaction , or if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . if you notice any of the above symptoms when your treatment with fetcroja has finished , you should see your doctor and tell them that you are taking this medicine . - serious allergic reaction : if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea or being sick ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . if you are given bortezomib for the treatment of multiple myeloma the side effects you may get are listed below : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue . - severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue . - severe pain in the mouth and / or jaw , swelling of your tongue and / or throat , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food or worsening of breathing problems . tell your doctor right away if you develop any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment with food . your doctor will check your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your immune system becomes stronger , and may include symptoms such as pain , swelling and redness in the case of a severe condition known as ' guillain - barr syndrome '. tell your doctor right away if you notice any of the following symptoms :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking or confusion . these disorders are usually mild and reversible last a short time . your doctor will perform regular blood tests during and during your treatment with depocyte . blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat skin rash , itching or hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache cough blocked nose difficulty in breathing cough or difficulty breathing ( cough ) coughing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) blocked nose sore throat sneezing , headache pain in muscles or joints muscle cramps uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) sore throat sneezing sore throat difficulty in swallowing cough or coughing pain in mouth and throat stomach pain sore throat cough or pain enlargement of the liver that may cause pain in the stomach and back urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) sore throat sneezing sore throat or cough pain in the chest difficulty in swallowing cough or coughing pain in legs and joints muscle cramps . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) sore throat sneezing sore throat or cough pain in the chest difficulty in swallowing cough or pain_in_muscles,_bones_or_joints pain in joints or legs muscle cramps ( musculoskeletal pain ) muscle pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing , sore throat or runny nose pain in chest or cough pain in joints or muscles muscle cramps and musculoskeletal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sore throat or cough pain in the ear sore throat or throat pain in mouth and throat stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints or joints muscle cramps sore throat or pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sore throat or cough pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear chest pain cough or pain enlargement of the liver and / or muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sore throat or cough pain in the ear sore throat or throat pain in mouth and throat stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in joints or joints muscle cramps sore throat or pain in joints uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) voice alteration ( hoarseness ) runny nose sore throat or cough pain in the ear sore throat or throat pain in mouth and throat stomach pain sore throat or cough pain in muscles or joints muscle pain sore throat or cough pain in the arms and legs urinary tract infection uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) urinary tract infection sore throat sneezing sore throat or cough pain in the chest difficulty in swallowing fever or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) lack of energy sore throat sore throat or sneezing pain in the ear feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints ( not caused by bleeding ) - if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until rare_side_effects ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised swelling ; cough ; generalised swelling ; numbness ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness ; or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until this_medicine ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness ; or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by lamivudine_teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : - pain or inflammation in the arms or legs . - if you start to get pain or inflammation at the infusion site , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible . some of the side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following : - pain or inflammation in the back of the body . this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea ( being sick ) - being sick ( diarrhoea ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes ( enzymes produced in the blood ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in an enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase ( transaminases ) - a increase in the level of muscles ( a substance produced in the muscles ) - an increase in the amount of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( a substance produced in the muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( shown in a muscles ) - an increase in the level of muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ) - an increase in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of these symptoms of the following side effects after taking macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache and tiredness . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during a higher dose of your treatment , some of these side effects may be more common at the start of your deposits . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to read the information later in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any of these side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and tiredness . these symptoms may be more common at the start of treatment . if you have these symptoms during a higher dose of zoledronic acid teva pharma . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may recommend a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . it is important to read the information in this section under ' other possible side effects of this medicine in addition to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . deposits from the deposits of the deposits . these symptoms are usually mild and will probably disappear after a few days to a few weeks of deposits . your doctor may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may be accompanied by tingling sensation and oedema ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , stop taking kepivance and tell your doctor immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet which may cause lost of your feet , bone or feet , pain or swelling ( oedema ). if you experience any of these , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking digestive_enzymes in combination with digestive_enzymes : common : swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience any of the following , stop taking digestive_enzymes and tell your doctor straight away . in addition , the following side effects have been observed with digestive_enzymes : common : swelling mainly of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience sudden difficulty in breathing or breathing problems as these may be signs of a serious condition called hypocalcaemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). headache , dizziness , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , elevated liver function tests , decreased appetite . increased levels of creatinine in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ). decreased levels of phosphate in the blood , decreased levels of calcium in the blood , decreased calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), muscle pain , numbness , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions , cough , swollen throat , cough , swollen tongue , cough , swollen tongue or difficulty swallowing . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking xigduo and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions : cough , swollen mouth , cough , difficulty swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking xigduo and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions : cough , swollen mouth , cough , difficulty swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 . what you need to look out for : allergic reactions : cough , swollen mouth , cough , difficulty swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking xigduo and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions : cough , swollen mouth , cough , difficulty swallowing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be life - threatening ( see section 2 : what you need to know before you take this medicine ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of cinacalcet_accordpharma , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of an allergic reaction may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a rare but very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of serious lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , tiredness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , tiredness , abnormal dreams ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , lipase , triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) and lipase ( lipase ) - an increase in the level of lipase ( a substance produced by the liver and lipase ), which may be a sign of lipase ( lipase ) and lipase ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood : lipase and triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase - triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase - triglycerides ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or lipase - alanine aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or bilirubin ( ast - alanine aminotransferase / alanine aminotransferase ( lipase and / or amylase ) in the blood ; alanine aminotransferase ( lipase and bilirubin )  alanine aminotransferase ( lipase and / or aspartate aminotransferase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; alanine aminotransferase ( lipase and / or aspartate aminotransferase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; lipase and / or amylase ( ast - aspartate aminotransferase ( lipase ) in the blood ; alanine aminotransferase ( lipase )
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some symptoms need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking avandamet and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or mouth ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing or swallowing contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . - chest pain , shortness of breath , waking up short of breath with exercise or upon lying down or tired - feeling weak . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased amount of creatinine in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - pain in the hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - changes in blood tests ( decreased amount of red blood cells ) - anxiety ( somnolence ) - abnormal blood tests ( reduced number of red blood cells ) - decreased magnesium in the blood ( anaemia ) - low magnesium levels in blood ( anaemia ) - low magnesium levels in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood - low magnesium level in blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or joints . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until light ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling ; numbness . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper abdominal pain , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - difficulty breathing - chest pain - shortness of breath - swelling or discomfort in your eyes very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - being sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 28 at the first dose of the vaccine , the following side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - rash - swelling , including swelling of the skin and throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , and / or throat irritation uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - lack of energy , chest pain , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - an interruption of the heart ' s electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , cases of severe sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section 4 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes as well as fever and seizures , as it could be a sign of stroke . seeing or hearing things that are not there ( ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). if this happens , you must stop taking viagra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as fever and seizures , as it could be a sign of stroke . seeing or hearing things that are not there ( ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " . tell your doctor about any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects of viagra are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ; - hot flushes ; - reddening of the skin and / or eyes ; indigestion , colour tinge to vision ; blurred vision ; visual disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; symptoms of heartburn ; - heartburn ; - stroke ; - blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper respiratory tract infection . - symptoms of heartburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ; indigestion , heartburn or inability to sleep ; blurred vision ; visual disturbance ; - vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper respiratory tract infection . - symptoms of heartburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ; indigestion , heartburn or inability to sleep ; blurred vision ; visual disturbance ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper abdominal pain ; - inflammation of the lining of the nose ; symptoms of heartburn ; heartburn ; stroke ; - blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper respiratory tract infection . - symptoms of heartburn . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ; indigestion , heartburn or inability to sleep ; blurred vision ; visual disturbance ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper abdominal pain ; - inflammation of the lining of the nose and throat ; symptoms of heartburn ; heartburn ; stroke ; - blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; stuffy nose ; - upper abdominal pain ; - inflammation of the lining of the nose and throat ; symptoms of heartburn and heartburn ; - sensation of sensitivity to light ; - blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper abdominal pain with or without back pain ; indigestion , heartburn or inability to sleep ; blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; stuffy nose ; - sore or runny nose ; - inflammation of the sinuses ; - indigestion and heartburn ; - passing syndrome ; blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - sore or runny nose ; - inflammation of the sinuses ( stomatitis ); - heartburn ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ). - blurred vision ; - eye irritation ; - dry eyes ; - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ); common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - upper abdominal pain ; - indigestion , heartburn or inability to sleep ; blurred vision ; - eye irritation ; - stuffy nose ; - inflammation of the sinuses ; symptoms of heartburn ; heartburn ; stroke ; - blurred vision ; vision disturbance ; - stuffy nose ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; symptoms of inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - rash - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following signs of heart problems : - if you experience shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing - if you notice any of the above , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - itching - rash - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - weight increased , increased appetite - restlessness , agitation , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of taste ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), amnesia ( loss of memory ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the effects are normally related to the use of emadine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sinus_headache ( difficulty sleeping ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - abnormal taste in the mouth - dry mouth - abnormal taste in the mouth - elevated taste in the mouth - abnormal hair growth uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of heart beating rapidly - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry eye - lump in the back of the eye - dry eye - weight increase . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) o a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as hives or hives . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat - hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye inflammation - eye pain not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - irregular heart beat . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - eye pain - glaucoma ( blurred vision , sensitivity to light ) - swelling of your face and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . symptoms include : swelling of face or throat , chest tightness , chest pain and low blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , cold limbs , sinus infection , low blood pressure , dizziness , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , tongue or throat , chest tightness , cough , fever , difficulty breathing , low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause tightness of the chest , chest tightness , cough , breathing difficulties ( signs of low blood pressure ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or breathing ( angioedema ) fever , high temperature symptoms , urinary tract infection , symptoms of pain and discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or chest_tightness ( angioedema ) chest pain / cough , low blood pressure ( possible symptoms of urinary tract infection ) symptoms of pain and discomfort in the upper right area of the stomach ( abdominal ) area very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or discomfort in the upper left belly area due to nerve damage common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , fever , chest pain or chest pain low counts of white blood cells . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chest pain / cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause tightness of the chest , chest pain or cough , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - decreased appetite , - decreased appetite , - vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , - back pain , feeling tired , - fatigue , - bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - decreased appetite , - decreased appetite , vomiting , - nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , - nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , - nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , - stomach shortness , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue - back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you experience trouble breathing or breathing , itchy rash ( hives ), as well as trouble breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , pain in your stomach or stomach , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , or abdominal pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach ache , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , diarrhoea , stomach discomfort , inflammation of the stomach or intestines , stomach pain , stomach
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to a serious allergic reaction . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or a doctor straight away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - a severe allergic reaction - the frequency of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and may cause itching or sores in the mouth , as there may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any side effects not mentioned in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
