like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of incivo alone are : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding at the site of injection ( puncture ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms , such as tiredness , fatigue , fever , fatigue and low blood pressure . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - fever - fatigue - fatigue ( tiredness ) - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the mouth - elevated levels of liver enzymes - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - changes in levels of liver enzymes ( e . g . in a blood test ) - rash , swelling of the face , hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - increase in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with peginterferon_alfa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the mouth - elevated levels of liver enzymes - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) - rash - swelling of the face and / or throat - hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - increase in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with peginterferon_alfa . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - rapid weight gain - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the mouth - elevated levels of liver enzymes - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - flu - like symptoms - tiredness ( fatigue ) - infection of the skin ( cellulitis ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function - rash - itching of the skin - hives ( urticaria ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - bleeding : - in your brain or in your spinal column - in your number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - low blood pressure which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat - your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : - liver problems ( death , which may affect up to death , seek medical attention immediately ). - if you get sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth and / or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden loss of vision ( common ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( signs may include sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat or runny nose - sore throat - sore throat or runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat or runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - runny nose - sore throat - sore throat - runny nose ( runny nose ) - sore throat - runny nose - sore
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the majority of side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following side effects have been reported during treatment with wilzin : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data using this medicine . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this treatment can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : - any of the following symptoms : symptoms : weakness , hands , hands or feet tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : - symptoms of infection or weakness , especially if you notice any of the following symptoms : weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . these may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare condition which causes symptoms such as weakness , tremor ) or hyperactivity . these symptoms may be caused by a high temperature of the condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following symptoms : - weakness in the hands or feet , especially in the body ( palpitations ), tremor or hyperactivity . these may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a disease affecting the blood vessels in the body ). - palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . - a different condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia and can be life threatening and lead to hypoglycaemia . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia ( hypoglycaemia ), with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , rapid heartbeat , fast heartbeat , and sweating , or raised itchy rash . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia ( hypoglycaemia ) and can be life threatening . hypoglycaemia is a very common side effect . hypoglycaemia is common in patients with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . generally_mild/moderate may cause generally_mild/moderate ( a very common side effect of taking novonorm ), with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth and / or throat , rash , itchy rash , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , or skin rash . the most serious side effects are described below : hypoglycaemia ( a common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fluid around the hypoglycaemic_reactions ( venous blood clots ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) acute_coronary_syndrome other possible side effects : hypoglycaemia increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) with symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy_skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes in a blood test , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other possible side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in the blood ( which can cause symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in the level of enzymes produced by the liver ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other possible side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in the blood ( which can cause symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests ) increase in liver enzymes in a blood test , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other possible side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in the blood ( which can cause symptoms such as rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests ) increase in liver enzymes in a blood test , increased liver enzymes in your blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) other possible side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in your blood ( which can increase your levels of liver enzymes ). symptoms may include : rash , itchy skin , rash , itchy_skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy , sweating , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in a type of white blood cells , elevated liver enzymes in your
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of shock may be fatal . doctors are aware of this possibility and have emergency treatment available for use in such cases . skin reactions such as hives ( urticaria ), itching , swelling or bleeding in the affected area of the hand , hand , and abdomen . the side effects listed below have occurred with the use of pumarix . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor . he / she may advise you to stop applying pumarix . if you experience any of the following side effects , you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , flu - like flu side effects : swelling or a common very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) skin reactions such as itching , hives or urticaria ( urticaria ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): failure of the central nervous system ( encephalomyelitis ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of the central nervous system ( encephalomyelitis ), encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. inflammation of the blood vessels ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ), inflammation of blood vessels ( vasculitis ), muscle spasms , muscle pain , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , blood in the urine , redness or swelling . in your groin , bleeding , bruising or inflammation . inflammation of a vein , usually in the hand and hand ( including hand and foot syndrome ), hand and foot syndrome , hand and foot syndrome , vasculitis ( muscle pain , muscle spasms ), feeling tired , muscle spasms , blood in urine , redness or swelling . in a small number of cases , bleeding , bruising , inflammation or inflammation . in a small number of cases , hand and foot syndrome , hand and foot syndrome . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as swelling , stinging , and difficulty in breathing . symptoms of swelling or stinging around the injection site have been reported . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . 0 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by afinitor are usually mild to moderate . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of pain , swelling , palms , palms or oedema ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss ( signs of a blood clot in the deep legs ). if you have signs of signs of bruising or swelling , palms , palms , or oedema ( loss of appetite ) weight loss , and weight loss . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): unusual bruising , bruising , increased bruising , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , weight loss ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may cause dizziness and irritability ) fluid retention ( oedema ) in the hands or soles of the feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) weight loss , low blood platelets ( a type of protein in the blood ) blood clotting problems 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased sex drive , weight loss , epistaxis) ( insomnia ) increased breakdown of the white blood cells 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) increased breakdown of the white blood cells 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , weight loss , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) increased breakdown of the white blood cells 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness ( asthenia ), breakdown of red blood cells ( aplastic anaemia ) blood clotting 47 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness ( asthenia ), breakdown of red blood cells , which can cause abnormal breakdown of blood cells 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness ( asthenia ), breakdown of red blood cells , which can cause abnormal breakdown of blood cells 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes in the blood 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes in the blood 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes in the blood 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) breakdown of muscle tissue 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite , dizziness , dizziness ( asthenia ) increased blood pressure ( hypertension ) increased blood levels of liver enzymes 47 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness or if you suddenly feel unwell , which may be signs of a serious condition , if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience a sudden chest tightness , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - tightness_of_the_chest swelling of your face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if untreated , may lead to immediate_breathing_difficulties . seek medical attention immediately if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , coughing , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - a sudden drop in blood pressure , which you may experience one or more of the following
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions - signs of a serious allergic reaction - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes , which may be a sign of serious side effects . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - urinary tract infection - decreased appetite - headache - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including injection site pain ) 38 - injection site reactions ( such as skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - pneumonia ( pneumonia ) - headache - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - decreased numbers of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - pain in extremity 38 - injection site reactions ( including skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ) - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - rash other side effects common ( may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects , as these may be signs of a severe headache , headaches , headaches , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting ,
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and yellowing_of_your_skin_or_eyes . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . bleeding , including bruising , redness , bruising , bleeding , bruising , paleness , tiredness , dizziness , sleep disturbances , difficulty breathing , chest pain and swollen throat . swelling of arms or legs . difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a different type of allergic reaction called toxic epidermal necrolysis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness paleness abnormal results of liver function tests itching uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet sleepiness , fainting , diabetes , or other cytomegalovirus problems ( e . g . pain in arms or legs ) fluid retention in the arms and legs inflammation of the blood vessels in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site , headache , dizziness , paleness , increase in blood pressure , fainting , diabetes , decrease in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , chest pain or pain in the hands or feet , which may be associated with swelling , redness , bruising , bleeding , bruising , paleness , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , difficulty breathing , chest pain , swollen or itchy skin , reduced or reduced urine output , a serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of a severe allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction may lead to loss of consciousness . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain_at_the_injection_site may cause headache , dizziness , paleness , increase in blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , fainting , diabetes , or other types of diabetes , which may be due to a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . coughing up blood ( fluid retention ) other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site , headache , dizziness , paleness , increase in blood pressure , fainting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) bleeding : swelling , redness , bruising , bleeding , bruising , bruising , paleness , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , difficulty breathing , chest pain , swollen or leg pain , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) serious allergic reaction . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should seek medical help immediately : a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ). other possible side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site , headache , dizziness and paleness . increase in blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . fainting . diabetes . increased risk of infection in the blood ( intracranial hypertension ) is a condition in which red blood cells that can lead to kidney damage . talk to your doctor if you have any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding at the injection site , headache , dizziness and paleness . increase in blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet . fainting . diabetes . increased risk of infection in the blood ( intracranial hypertension ) is a condition in which the immune system attacks your body may not work properly bleeding in your stomach or intestines . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): fluid around the heart ( pericardial effusion ) headache dizziness dizziness abnormal results in blood test results uncommon ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): lack of interest , swinging vision , swinging vision , watery eyes , eye floaters , watery eyes , eye floaters , watery eyes , flashes of spots on the eye , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to vision loss of vision , eye sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to detachment of blood vessels , eye floaters , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , failure_to_ejaculate_during_sexual_intercourse nerve damage , watery eyes or eye sensitivity to light , small particles spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , eye floaters , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful urination , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful red spots on the eye , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to narrowing of blood vessels , small blood vessels , painful flashes of light with floaters , progressing to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , rashes or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine . in the blood . the following side effects have been reported since marketing of chest_or_abdominal_pain : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol and creatine phosphokinase in the blood . the following side effects have also been reported since the marketing of clopidogrel bms but the frequency for them to occur is not known : headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , stomach ache , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased taste , difficulty in falling asleep . some patients have had the following side effects while taking clopidogrel ratiopharm : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - vomiting , nausea , constipation - excessive gas in stomach or intestines - rashes - back pain - muscular pain , abnormal sensations in males and females or erectile dysfunction in men - erectile dysfunction in males - angry behaviour . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 33 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections of the eye which may include numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), headache , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , loose stools , decreased appetite , indigestion , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , indigestion , loss of appetite , decreased appetite , indigestion , passing wind , bloating , wind ( flatulence ), enlarged liver , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , nail disorder , nail disorder , skin discoloration , skin discoloration , skin discoloration , acne skin discoloration , acne muscle weakness , musculoskeletal pain , inflammation of the skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), fluid retention in the vein , fluid retention , fever , collection of fluid in the face and / or neck , pain , acne , pain or pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , arms , legs and feet , joint or joint pain , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , arms , legs and feet , joint or joint pain , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness ( asthenia ), pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , lack of energy , fever , weakness ( asthenia ), pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs joint or joint pain , lack of energy , fever , weakness ( asthenia ), pain or pain in extremity , arms or legs joint pain , weakness , weakness , pain or pain in extremity , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs , legs , arms , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ) lack of energy , fever , weakness , pain or pain in arms or legs , or pain in hands or feet , arms , legs ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel dura if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscle cramps , abnormal sense of taste , difficulty in falling asleep , increased taste of taste , difficulty in controlling words , increase in liver enzymes in the blood vessels ( creatine phosphokinase ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . ciambra ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe skin , inflamed skin , mouth , eyes , mouth , nose , genitals and eyes ), sometimes with blisters or erosions ( angioedema ), severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions ") potentially life - threatening skin rashes . if you notice any of these symptoms or get serious side effects , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by immunogam are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , swelling of the face , face , face or face , chest tightness , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , face or face , chest tightness , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain and feeling dizzy . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) pain , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or feeling_unwell back pain , feeling cold . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs tell your doctor immediately . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . pain , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain and feeling tired . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs seek medical advice immediately . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . pain , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain and feeling tired . the most common side effect is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face and throat , hives , swelling of the face , face , face or throat , causing difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain and feeling dizzy . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . pain , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain and feeling tired . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain feeling unwell . if you notice any of these signs tell your doctor immediately . the most frequently reported side effect is 7 . pain , swelling , tenderness , muscle pain , tenderness , back pain or tenderness , back pain and feeling tired . the most common side effect is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face and / or face , swelling of the face , face , face or throat , causing difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , face or throat chest pain and feeling dizzy . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; 7 ' s syndrome ( shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing ; coughing up of blood or sputum that may cause dizziness or light - headedness ; wheezing ; this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , tongue or throat chest pain and feeling dizzy . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; 7 ' s syndrome ( shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing ), irregular heartbeat , wheezing , heart attack , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling around the face , lips , face , tongue or throat chest pain and feeling dizzy . if you notice any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions , seen rarely ( may affect up to tb or a type of cancer ) such as fever , difficult or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , lupus - like symptoms , ( e . g . when you have a seizure ), or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , / or breathing problems - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with the first intravenous infusion (" drip " into your body ) and during the first few hours after the start of the treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your body , as well as fever and neck pain - fever - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - lupus - like symptoms , such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters , peeling , chest pain , fever ) - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters , peeling , chest pain , fever ) - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common : - if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , fever , breathing difficulties , fever or breathing difficulties - these may be signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pale skin , blisters , or peeling of the skin , fever , breathing difficulties , or a drop in blood pressure , which may be life threatening and life threatening . - lupus - like symptoms , such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing or breathing , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause lupus - like symptoms . - lupus - like symptoms , such as fever , chills or warm , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause pain , swelling and redness ( oedema ), common cold ( nasopharyngitis ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - oral candidiasis ( oral candidiasis ). - reduced number of white blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathing problems - fever , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , lupus - like symptoms , lupus - like illness , - lupus like illness , - fever , chills , warm or red spots on the skin , - bruising , swelling ( oedema ), - swollen legs ( leg pain ). - sore throat . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - oral candidiasis ( oral candidiasis ). - reduced
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to placebo . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - stroke , which may be associated with sudden drop or loss of vision - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - confusion and / or hallucinations , as these may be signs of a lung problem . - if you experience any of these symptoms , stop taking rasagiline_mylan and tell your doctor straight away . the following side effects have been reported with placebo . the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , difficulty sleeping , decreased appetite , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nausea , feeling hot , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , weight decreased , decreased appetite , decreased libido , decreased blood phosphorus levels , decreased blood potassium levels , decreased blood potassium levels ( melanoma ), blood clotting disorder , melanoma , inflammation of the lung ( melanoma ), lung disease , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ), blood clotting disorders , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ), blood clotting disorders , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ), blood clotting disorders , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood triglycerides ( type of white blood cells ) and melanoma allergic reactions , melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , changes in blood clotting and diabetes type of melanoma ( a type of white blood cell ) and melanoma type of melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , changes in blood clotting and diabetes type of melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood test results , increased blood triglycerides ( type of white blood cells ) and melanoma allergic reactions , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , changes in blood clotting and diabetes type of melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood triglycerides ( type of white blood cells ) and melanoma allergic reactions , melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ), hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides ( type of white blood cells ) and melanoma allergic reactions , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal liver function tests , melanoma ( increased risk of melanoma ) melanoma ( a type of skin_cancer hepatitis b infection when you have had hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , changes in blood clotting levels , increased blood bilirubin levels , inflammation of blood vessels ( melanoma ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( hallucinations ), confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal thinking , increased blood cholesterol levels , inflammation of blood vessels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood bilirubin levels , melanoma , inflammation of blood vessels , melanoma ( a type of skin cancer ) hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal blood clotting , increased blood triglycerides ( type of white blood cells ) and melanoma allergic reactions , hallucinations , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , redness or swelling ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , headache , dizziness , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , nausea , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , bloating , wind ( flatulence ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , blood in the urine , fluid retention in the hands or eyelid common : influenza ( may affect up to bleeding_in_the_stomach in eyelid people ) injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , redness or bruising ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , cold sores or other herpes infections ), influenza , viral infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal infections , shingles , fungal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience weakness , chills , sweating , breathing difficulties , wheezing , feeling faint , feeling faint or faint , low blood pressure , forgetfulness , changes in vision , eye swelling , or spasms , including red spots on the skin , swelling of the eyelid or eyelid , swelling of the eyelid , feeling light - headed , feeling faint , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , angina , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , swelling of the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling cold , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , stiffness of the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , anxiety , memory problems or convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , stiffness of the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , anxiety , memory problems or convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , damage to fatty tissue , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , feeling_hot , anxiety , speech disorder , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to light , abnormal bumps on the skin , eye swelling , tremors , feeling_hot , anxiety , speech disorder , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , and abnormal heart rhythm ( angina ) low blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort of the stomach , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , bleeding on the eye or eye , ringing in the ears , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , memory problems ( convulsions ), irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , damage to fatty tissue , abnormal sensation in the eye , tremors , feeling_hot , anxiety , speech disorder , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , fatty lumps on the skin , stiffness of the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , anxiety , impaired vision , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , nose bleeds , ringing in the ears , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to light , abnormal bumps on the skin , ringing in the ears , tremors , insomnia , anxiety , memory problems ( convulsions ) - irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , bleeding on the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling hot , anxiety , memory problems or convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose ( gastritis ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , sensitivity to light , abnormal sensation in the eye , swelling of the eyelid - tremors , insomnia , anxiety , speech disorders - convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose , blocked nose , gastritis , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , discomfort of the stomach , bloating , constipation , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , bleeding on the eye , eye swelling , weakness , feeling cold , anxiety , problems with speech , convulsions , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , stuffy nose ( gastritis ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , bloating , constipation , itching of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain or shortness of breath , blisters , peeling or peeling of the body - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - heart attack ( severely decreased urine output ) - shortness of breath - chest pain - painful breathing - fever - flu - like symptoms - urinary tract infection ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reactions with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - serious allergic reaction with symptoms such as fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , skin peeling or peeling , peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with cancer in clinical studies in adults , including patients treated with growth hormone . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , visual disturbance , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), seeing or hearing things that are not there , nervousness , irritability , feeling abnormal , blurred vision , eye sensitivity , problems with your bowel or decreased_growth , tremor , feeling nervous , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , tooth disorder , sinus infection , tooth disorder ( signs of high levels of sugar in the blood , which may cause decreased_growth ) sometimes with swelling_around_the_eye , feeling nervous , nervousness , irritability , feeling of being drunk , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling of spinning , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , difficulty with thinking , blurred vision , eye swelling , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling of feeling_abnormal , nervousness , irritability , feeling abnormal , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , eye pain , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , difficulty with thinking , blurred vision , eye swelling , increased sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , difficulty with thinking , blurred vision , eye swelling , increased sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , difficulty with thinking , blurred vision , eye swelling , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated , nervousness , irritability , feeling abnormal , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , ringing in the ears , feeling of spinning , nervousness , irritability , feeling abnormal , abnormal thinking , nightmare , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or having blurred vision , eye swelling , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , tooth disorder , sinus infection ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders or depression , runny nose , wheezing , asthma or upper respiratory infections , upper respiratory tract infection , decreased sensitivity to noise , ringing in the ears , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory impairment , blurred vision , eye swelling , changes in eyesight including decreased_growth , ringing in the ears , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , eye_pain , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , tooth disorder ( sinus disorder ), sinus disorder , decreased or increased sensitivity to touch , runny nose , throat irritation , hair loss , dry skin , sensitivity to light , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , increased sensitivity to noise , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or having blurred vision , eye swelling , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , tooth disorder ( sinus disorder ), sinus disorder ( signs include : bad breath , inflammation of the eyes , runny nose , nose bleed , hair loss , hair loss , itchy skin , itching , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , increased sensitivity to noise , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling of nervousness , nervousness , irritability , feeling restless , difficulty concentrating , nightmare , nightmare , memory loss , blurred vision , nightmare , ringing in the ears , feeling disorientated or having blurred vision , eye swelling , eye swelling , asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing or asthma , tooth disorder ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) decreased or increased sensitivity to touch or sensation , runny or blocked nose , nose bleed , skin sensitivity , dry skin , itchy_skin_rash , itching , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . other common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to very_dry_or_sticky_mouth in people : infection of the chest ( pneumonia ) dehydration low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat feeling jittery ( signs of a low blood sugar ) may occur ( may affect up to 2 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) too high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 75 may cause low blood sugar , headache , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , fast heart beat , feeling hungry ( signs of a heart problem ) feeling dizzy . your low blood sugar may happen if you : drink more than usual . low blood sugar may occur if you : 75 more than usual . drink alcohol ( see section 2 " what you need to know before you take forxiga ). low blood sugar means that there is not enough sugar in your blood . 75 75 may cause low blood sugar and what to do if you have low blood sugar : if you experience low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice " ( drink 2 ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . 75 75 hypoglycaemia may cause low blood sugar levels . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink because you may choke . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : dizziness , feeling very anxious , shaking , sleepy or very tired , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat or feeling hungry . changes in heart rhythm ( feeling of faintness or having changes in heart rhythm ). if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . severe low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) 75 high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : dizziness , feeling drowsy , shaking , sleepy , sleepy urination , feeling sleepy or tired , fast heart beat , feeling hungry or having low blood pressure ( signs of problems with your ovaries or womb ). low blood sugar may occur if you : 75 more than usual . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : dizziness , feeling very anxious , shaking , feeling drowsy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , changes in heart beat or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have had low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when these symptoms go away , speak to a doctor straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . the warning signs of low blood sugar may include : dizziness , feeling dizzy , shaking , or sleepy , feeling sleepy or very tired , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , changes in heart beat or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , feeling nervous , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , chest pain , chest pain , chest discomfort , pain , redness , swelling , itching at the injection site , hair loss , burning , pain or inflammation at the infusion site , infection , fever , chills , shivering , drowsiness , sleepiness , blurred vision , difficulty in speaking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning , shaking , shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , burning sensation , burning sensation , ears_ringing sensation , altered sense of taste , burning sensation , nosebleed , nosebleed , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , decreased appetite , increased cholesterol in the blood , increased triglycerides ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood , infection or infection , fever , chills , shivering , drowsiness , sleepiness , blurred vision , difficulty in speaking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , burning , shaking or shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , pain , pricking , burning , pricking , burning , burning , shaking or shaking , blurred vision , eye swelling , eye pain , chest pain , ear pain , feeling of coldness , ears_ringing , blurred or painful vision , burning sensation , burning sensation in the hands or feet , nosebleed , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , stomach discomfort , indigestion , throat irritation , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , painful mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss , indigestion , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - tingling or discomfort in hands or feet - blocked nose ( sinusitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - dizziness - feeling hot - blocked nose ( sinus congestion ) - throat irritation ( nasal congestion ) - throat irritation - discomfort or skin_pain dry skin , acne , skin irritation , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne , dry skin , acne
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and need medical attention . serious side effects stop taking bevacizumab and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - shortness of breath , difficulty breathing - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) - chills - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - sores ( abdominal ) pain , pain , swelling , redness , peeling or swelling , or swelling at the infusion site - if you have pain , swelling , redness , peeling , peeling or swelling and / or swelling . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes in your treatment with bevacizumab . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking bevacizumab and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections - low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - sores in the stomach or stomach ( gastritis ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - pain , swelling , redness , peeling , swelling or swelling due to low number of platelets in your blood ( which can make you more prone to infection ) - bleeding in your stomach or gut - blood in your stools - high blood pressure - energy , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ) - decreased level of red blood cells ( shown in a blood test ) 69 - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , energy - muscle cramps , urinary incontinence - shortness of breath - high blood pressure in the blood vessels of the lungs - chest pain - shortness of breath - nose bleed - blood in urine - protein in the urine - fistula : fistula may affect up to abnormal_tube-like_connection_between_internal_organs_and_skin_or_other_tissues in abnormal_tube-like_connection_between_internal_organs_and_skin_or_other_tissues people - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the heart ) - fistula ( abnormal blood pressure ) - shortness of breath - nose bleed - blood in the urine - protein in the urine - fistula : - fistula ( abnormal blood clotting ) 69 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - energy - muscle cramps - urinary retention - shortness of breath - high or low blood pressure - inflammation of the vein in the lungs - chest pain - shortness of breath - nose bleed - blood in urine - protein in the urine - fistula : fistula may affect up to abnormal_tube-like_connection_between_internal_organs_and_skin_or_other_tissues in the kidneys - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the heart ) - fistula ( abnormal blood pressure ) - shortness of breath - nose bleed - blood in the urine - protein in the urine - fistula : - fistula ( abnormal blood clotting ) 69 - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - energy - muscle cramps - urinary incontinence - shortness of breath - high or low blood pressure - changes in the way things taste not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - fistula ( inflammation of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the vagina ) - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or heart problems ) - abnormal heart rhythm - chest pain - shortness of breath - small reduction in blood cell count - changes in kidneys - fistula : - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may fistula through blood vessels to the lungs ) - chest pain , shortness of breath - nose bleed - blood in urine - protein in the urine - fistula : fistula may affect up to abnormal_tube-like_connection_between_internal_organs_and_skin_or_other_tissues in the vagina - fistula : - fistula ( inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or heart problems ) - difficulty breathing - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - the symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction may include chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , sores ( abdominal ) pain , pain , swelling , redness , peeling or swelling around the area of your stomach , stomach or gut ( decreased number of red blood cells ) in the blood - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) 69 - high blood pressure , low blood pressure , energy - muscle cramps , urinary incontinence - acute kidney failure - shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - symptoms of liver problems such as difficulty breathing , shortness of breath or immediately , seek medical attention immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , warm , warm , confusion , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , - irregular heartbeat , visual disturbances , seeing or hearing things that are not really there ( loss_of_control_of_body_movements ), agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood pattern , mood changes , mood changes , mood changes or behaviour , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood pattern , mood changes , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood pattern , mood changes , mood changes , mood changes , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mental status changes , mood changes , problems with eyesight , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , or trembling , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mental status changes , mood changes , mood disorder , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , changes in mood , mental status changes , visual impairment , agitation , confusion , disorientation , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , racing heartbeat , visual impairment , loss_of_control_of_body_movements visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , arrhythmia , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , change in vision , change in vision , dizziness on standing , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , arrhythmia , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , change in vision , change in vision , dizziness on standing , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , agitation , lightheadedness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , dilated pupils , loss_of_control_of_body_movements visual disturbance , loss_of_control_of_body_movements visual disturbance , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , agitation , confusion , irregular_heartbeat , disorientation , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , slow heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , agitation , confusion , inability to concentrate , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , slow heartbeat , visual impairment , loss_of_control_of_body_movements pupils , loss_of_control_of_body_movements visual disturbance , loss_of_control_of_body_movements visual disturbance , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , dizziness , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , irregular heartbeat , visual impairment , visual impairment , ringing in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back with or without nausea and vomiting , as these could be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). if you have a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ), including rash , hives , blisters on the skin / swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking metformin have experienced the following side effects after taking metformin : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common : nausea , vomiting , severe loss of appetite . pancreatitis ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . low blood sugar ( nausea ) with vomiting blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) has also been seen in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . stuffy or blocked nose , sore throat and osteoarthritis , a hoarse voice or dizziness . headache , constipation , stomach ache , diarrhoea , flatulence , constipation , stomach ache , dry mouth . rash . abnormal results of kidney function tests . dialysis . joint pain . back pain , back pain . muscle pain . difficulty with or painful urination or leg pain . leg and leg pain . leg pain . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg pain . leg cramps . leg or leg pain . leg pain . leg cramps
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than glucose_tablets in a low blood sugar . if your low blood sugar level falls too much , you may pass out ( become too sign of low blood sugar ) a low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) too high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased the amount of red blood cells , circulating fats and early in the blood . low blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs appear gradually . they include : increased the amount of red blood cells and blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn you on your side and get medical help straight away . they must not give you any food or drink due to risk of low blood sugar . let them know that if you pass out , they must turn
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif alone are : - severe swelling of the skin and mucous membranes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or other flu - like symptoms and a itching on the face followed by an extended rash with a itching , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . additional side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain - indigestion , diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain in the abdomen - abnormal laboratory test results on liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - alanine aminotransferase - alanine aminotransferase rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling , peeling or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face and / or throat - swelling of the face and throat 49 rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - skin eruption , blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) - stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - sunscreen of sunscreen have been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking orkambi and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience symptoms such as rash , redness or eyes of the eyes , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash or shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , frequent urination , - loss of appetite , - nausea , loss of appetite , - headache , cough , - abdominal pain , - increase in liver enzymes - in your blood or urine test results , which may be signs of liver problems . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , spinning sensation ( stuffy or stuffy nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , - increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( ear pain , cough , shortness of breath , cough , blockage of mucus or intestine , abdominal pain , pneumonia ) - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( ear pain , cough , shortness of breath , cough , blockage of mucus or intestine , abdominal pain , pneumonia ) - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( ear pain ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( ear pain ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests ( increased muscle enzyme in the blood ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or mucus , abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), abdominal pain ( angina pectoris ), - abdominal pain , - abnormal liver function tests , damage to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , - spinning sensation ( stuffy or blocked nose ), cough , shortness of breath , cough , problems with mucus or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause difficulty breathing , swallowing or dizziness . if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling feeling_very_tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . these may be signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , feeling very tired , fast heart beat , rapid heart rate , rapid heartbeat , dizziness or dizziness . symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very cold , fast heart beat , rapid heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling , redness or swelling ( shivering ), feeling sick , vomiting , fever , sweating , shivering , dizziness , restlessness these symptoms may be signs of heart attack , slow heart rate , heart attack , low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , rapid heart rate low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood pressure , fast heart rate low blood pressure , low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience : weakness , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat . these could be signs of an infection of the urinary tract . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): irregular rapid periods ; pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , irritation or bruising . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood pressure and see urgent 2 tests . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . talk to your doctor if you develop a serious allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). the most serious side effects are described below : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular rapid contraction of the heart , pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising or bruising . your doctor may give you another medicine to control blood tests to check for any changes in the number of blood platelets . your doctor may decide to temporarily temporarily permanently stop your treatment with ovaleap . there is a risk of a serious condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), can be life threatening . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . if you think you are having this type of reaction , you must contact your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with ovaleap . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms of liver problems ( ohss ) have also been reported . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects some of these skin reactions may be severe and include rash , red skin , hives , breathing difficulties or tightness in the chest . severe skin skin reactions , including exposure_to_light_or_sun ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat kidney failure not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data sudden vision loss due to blockage
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of the following side effects : swelling , swelling , warmth , swelling , warmth , swelling and / or warmth in the area where the injection is given . warmth , swelling , warmth , or warmth in the area where the injection was given ( warmth , swelling , warmth , or warmth at the injection site ). these reactions can be avoided by changing the injection site at each injection ( injection site rotation ). if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or nurse . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain where the injection is given warmth , swelling , warmth , redness , swelling , warmth or warmth at the injection site fatigue ( feeling affect up to 1 in 100 people ): redness , swelling , warmth , abnormal skin sensation , pain , swelling , warmth , redness , swelling , warmth or warmth in the area where the injection is given 17 than greater than 17 cm . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): redness , swelling , warmth , abnormal skin sensation , pain , swelling , warmth , redness , swelling , warmth or warmth in the area where the injection was given . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few weeks . in general , these side effects are quite mild and only last for a short time . tell your doctor if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain , swelling and / or your_eyes in the arms and legs ( oedema peripheral ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) hypertension ( low level of oxygen in the blood ) high level of " alkaline phosphatase " in your blood ( red blood cells ) decreased appetite feeling dizzy feeling very tired ( fatigue ) sore throat mouth ulcers inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and lips inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and lips inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and lips inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and lips inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and lips inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation of the mouth inflammation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - blood tests that show an increase in liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - blurred vision - blurred vision - a decrease in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - blurred vision - blurred vision - a decrease in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - blurred blood tests for liver function - blurred vision - blurred vision - viruses - viruses - sudden loss of consciousness - blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - changes in blood tests for liver function - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver , which may cause kidney problems , blurred vision , or other changes in the electrical activity of the heart , breathlessness , breathlessness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , blurred vision , vision changes ( visual impairment ) - blurred vision - eye irritation - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , vision changes ( visual impairment ) - blurred vision , sensitivity to breathlessness - changes in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , changes in vision - blurred vision - a change in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , rapid or irregular heartbeat , blurred vision - a change in vision , including blurred vision , vision blurred , vision increased eye pressure , breathlessness , breathlessness , collection of fluid in the face , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - blurred vision - a change in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , changes in vision - vision blurred , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , changes in vision - vision blurred , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , changes in vision - vision blurred , eye irritation , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , changes in vision ) - blurred vision - a change in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden loss of consciousness , blurred vision , macular oedema ( increased eye pressure , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - blurred vision - a change in vision , breathlessness , breathlessness , sudden loss of consciousness , blurred vision , macular oedema ( increased eye pressure , breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision , changes in vision ( including breathlessness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , blurred vision , impaired vision ) - visual impairment ( ringing in the ears ) - breathlessness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : wheezing or serious breathing difficulties if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - wheezing or other signs of an allergic reaction - this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in patients taking temybric_ellipta . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , fever , chills , swollen mouth , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or a feeling of faintness . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : stop taking temybric_ellipta and seek medical help immediately : - if you notice symptoms of an infection such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pneumonia or infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - lung infection ( pneumonia ) - signs of a low blood pressure ( pneumonia ) - fever , chills , swollen mouth , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or a feeling of infection . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blockage of the lung ( bronchitis ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - fluid retention in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - urinary tract infection - a_urinary_tract_infection) ( dysphonia ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain - joint pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( candidiasis ) - presence of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( candidiasis ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - presence of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( candidiasis ) - joint pain ( myalgia ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain - joint pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain - joint pain uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - presence of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - vaginal bleeding ( thrush ) - presence of blood in the urine ( proteinuria ) - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swollen face , hands , feet , ankles , or feet ; itching ; hives ; swelling ; bleeding , bruising , swelling or sores in your mouth feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) severe stomach pain or pain changes in your blood test results such as gamma gt or creatinine in your blood . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( sinusitis ) feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . tumour lysis syndrome ( a group of metabolic complications occurring after cancer treatment characterized by high blood levels of creatinine and creatinine ) ( see section 2 ). other possible side effects other side effects can occur at any time during treatment with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache stomach ( abdominal ) pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain changes in laboratory tests carried out by your doctor . changes in your blood sugar levels ( creatinine , creatinine , creatinine ) decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine called creatinine ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of low level of blood platelets ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine called creatinine ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of low level of blood platelets ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in the level of creatinine called creatinine ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of a low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in a substance called creatinine called creatinine ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of low level of blood platelets ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show an increase in a substance called creatinine called creatinine ( leucopenia ) which may be a sign of low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show changes related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show changes related to the function of your body , which may be a sign of neutropenia ( leucopenia ) blood tests may show changes related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood tests may show increase related to the function of your white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) breathlessness , blisters , peeling of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with pregabalin_pfizer ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . if you experience any of the above , stop taking pregabalin_pfizer and talk to your doctor immediately . the following side effects have been reported with pregabalin_pfizer : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - difficulty in breathing - blisters , itchiness , pain , itchiness , burning sensation and back pain - joint pain - altered hearing - altered sense of taste - incontinence - weakness - thirst - feeling hot - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - difficulty in breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest pain - chest pain - abnormal heart rhythm - high blood pressure - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty in breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - low blood pressure - difficulty in breathing - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest pain - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness - chest tightness - blood pressure - abnormal heart rhythm - heart failure - chest tightness - cough - difficulty breathing - chest tightness -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by xadago or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . so it is very important to talk to your doctor if you develop a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ". tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following : changes in blood sugar levels clumsiness , insomnia , inflammation of the middle nervous system , trouble breathing , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , and hypotension ( low blood pressure ). your doctor may do a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . levodopa , if you do not respond to levodopa , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - stiffness , weakness , feeling weak , insomnia , restlessness , disorientation , or disorientation , - changes in behaviour , or collapse . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . it may be a sign of a serious condition called levodopa ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( sepsis ) have been reported uncommonly in patients using zytiga . if you experience any of the following , stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor immediately : chest pain or breathing severe allergic reactions , which may be severe and life - threatening allergic reactions . difficulty in swallowing or breathing severe swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing or breathing , severe itching of the skin or spots on the skin , fluid collection in the lung , fluid around the lung , fluid collection in the lung , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , arrhythmia , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , blood clot in blood vessels , blood in the urine , arrhythmia or palpitations , rapid heart rate , blood clot , deep blood supply to the heart muscle ( palpitations ) palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clot , deep blood supply to the heart muscle ( palpitations ) palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the arteries ( palpitations ), palpitations , irregular heart rate , blood clot , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clots in the arteries ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood clot in the heart vessels , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood clot in blood vessels , heart rhythm disturbances , blood clot in the heart ( palpitations ), palpitations , slow heart rate , blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should stop taking hefiya and see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): serious infections ( including blood poisoning which help the blood to clot ); bruising , swelling , bleeding , paleness , tremor , anxiety , difficulty in sleeping , uncontrollable twitching , hearing_loss , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , buzzing , problems with balance or balance , decreased blood pressure , headache , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( nausea ), abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), dry mouth , dry_mouth) rash , rash , itching , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , kidney problems such as fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , urine increased urine output , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , bone pain , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment including fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood in urine , kidney impairment , kidney impairment , painful urination , fever , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , cough , night sweats , muscle cramps , blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : 24 fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady falling asleep , memory loss , difficulty in speaking , problems with your sight or balance , or an increase in body temperature ( potential signs of a serious condition such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and pain in the abdomen or stomach ), pain or inflammation in the abdomen ( abdominal pain ), passing more water than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , needing to pass urine more often than usual , constipation and wind . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): − life - threatening infections , bronchitis , swollen face , mouth sores , shingles , decreased sharpness , shingles , decreased vision , irritability , difficulty in speaking , difficulty in speaking , problems with balance or balance , sudden decrease or loss of hearing ( potential signs of a condition called " posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention ). if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady falling asleep , memory loss , vision problems , problems with your balance or walking , which may be a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a condition that causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels in your body ) and a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may be signs of a possible potentially life - threatening medical condition . if you experience any of the above mentioned side effects you should stop taking capecitabine accord and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical advice or hospitalisation : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling , numbness , abnormal nerve sensations in the nerve of the nerve or inner hot - fast heartbeat - cough - pain in your arms and / or legs if you get any of the above signs or signs or signs of infection , or if you notice any of the following side effects : other side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low level of magnesium , calcium or calcium in the blood , which may cause ringing in the ears ( including ringing in the ears ) - ringing in the ears ( including ringing or buzzing ), swelling , numbness , abnormal nerve sensations like your nerve and eyes ( paraesthesia ) - nose bleeds - cough - pain in the mouth , tongue or throat - nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ( stomatitis ) - pain , redness , swelling or sores in your nerve ( including around the nerve system ) - headache - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of white blood cells or platelets - decreased number of white blood cells ( platelets ) - decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) - decreased calcium in the blood ( malnutrition ) - decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased phosphates in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased interest in the blood ; decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); - decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( malnutrition ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased potassium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ); decreased calcium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ); decreased phosphates in the blood ; decreased sodium in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat difficulty breathing , feeling faint , sudden loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or a fast heart beat , an allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue difficulty breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having consciousness and loss of consciousness . these signs may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , lips , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , swelling of the face , throat or tongue , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or having loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction swelling of the face , throat , throat or tongue , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if severe severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic hypersensitivity ) occur ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if severe severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic hypersensitivity ) occur ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if severe severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if severe severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic reaction ) occur ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) and potentially serious allergic reactions ( e . g . eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ death of the mucosal system ( eosinophilia ) have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) has occurred in patients receiving telmisartan alone or in combination . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) include : severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) sepsis ( allergic reaction ) signs of which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe skin reaction called toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see above ). - if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to death or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as infections , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , to do , that you need immediate medical advice . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . severe skin and allergic reactions ). - if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to death or peel , you should seek immediate medical advice . certain side effects may be more common , such as infections may be due to the underlying disease . in rare cases , telmisartan very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - severe allergic reaction such as drug reaction with sepsis and systemic symptoms ( dress ). dress appears initially as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by death . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking telmisartan if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking afstyla : - allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , hives , low blood pressure and dizziness , low blood pressure , dizziness , low blood pressure and dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the site of injection . in a small number of cases , these symptoms should be reduced during treatment with treatment . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding at the injection site . - dizziness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or bleeding at the site of injection . - low blood pressure , which may make you feel wheezing , low blood pressure or bleeding . - if you have symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , low blood pressure and bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding at the injection site - dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling - dizziness - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure . - symptoms of allergic reaction such as hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or low blood pressure . - bleeding may occur . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure and what to do if you get any of the above or combination of the following side effects : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding at the injection site - dizziness , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , or tingling - dizziness - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure - bleeding which may make you feel difficulty breathing - wheezing - low blood pressure which may make you feel wheezing . - low blood pressure . - bleeding . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to prevent and treat hand - foot syndrome , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reactions ( e . g . bleeding , bleeding , bruising , bleeding ) and bleeding in the lung including wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing ( signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure ) ( hives , urticaria , itching , itching , muscle aches or pains ). if you have these symptoms during radiotherapy , seek medical advice immediately . if you notice any of these symptoms or bleeding , or any other changes in your health , seek medical advice immediately . b and progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( leukaemia ); if you have chronic hepatitis b or c leukaemia , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following changes in behaviour including leukaemia of the cases of leukaemia , discuss this with your doctor straight away . merkel cell carcinoma has happened ( a type of leukaemia ) and merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia )* merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of leukaemia ); merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( frequency not known ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , muscle pain , or weakness of the muscles , feeling sick ( sick ), diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , feeling tired , headache , dizziness , migraine , generalised rashes , rashes , nose bleed , nose bleeds , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , vomiting reflux of reflux of stomach juices , stomach ache , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , vomiting , reflux ( stomach ) pain , muscle cramps , painful joints , back pain , blood in urine , back pain , back pain , pain in hands or feet , loss of taste , increased sweating , night sweats uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 users ) chest pain , throat pain , ear discomfort , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , excess wind , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , hives , swelling of the face , back pain , muscle cramps , pain in arms or legs , pain in joints , muscles and / or joints , blood in urine , back pain , back pain , pain in hands and feet , feeling cold , increased sweating , night sweats 75 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , throat pain , throat irritation , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , excess wind , increased sweating , increased sweating , increased sweating , hives , skin disorder , rashes , swelling of face , hands and feet , back pain , muscle cramps , pain in muscles , muscles and / or joints , blood in urine , high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction with rashes , swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , collapse of the face ( with or without difficulty breathing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rashes , redness of the skin , rashes , swelling of the face , back pain , muscle cramps , pain in arms and legs , pain in joints , muscles and / or joints , blood in urine , high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction with rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , rashes or redness of the skin , back pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in joints , muscles and / or joints , blood in urine , high blood pressure ( 75 ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reaction with rashes , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , rashes or redness of the skin , back pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in joints , muscles and / or joints
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( more than 1 in 10 patients ). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and tell a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which could be a sign of serious allergic reaction . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . if you experience sweating , feel light - headed or sweating , as this may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : common : the following may affect up to 1 in 10 people reactions at the application site if you develop a rash , swelling of your face and / or throat . these may be signs of peripheral neuropathy ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : coma , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , visual_disturbances 31 feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , excessive gas in the stomach , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( e . g . rash , rash , itchy skin , increased tendency to bruise ) increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ), rash , redness of the skin due to fluid retention . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): failure of the liver ( uncommon ), but can be life - threatening . other possible side effects of enyglid : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site if you get any of these , especially if you develop a rash , rash , itchy rash ( rash ) or itchy rash ( rash ) abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - gas ( flatulence ) - increased liver enzymes ( gamma - glutamyltransferase ) - hypersensitivity ( itchy rash ) - rash - redness of the skin - increased levels of bilirubin in your blood ( triglycerides ) - increased liver enzymes ( sign of hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - redness of the skin ( erythema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - blockage of the liver ( hepatitis ) - serious liver disorder ( see ' warnings and precautions ' in section 2 ) - coma - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - visual_disturbances - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - gas ( flatulence ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity reactions - itchy rash - rash - redness of the skin very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - blockage of the thyroid gland other possible side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , low blood levels of some white blood cells ; liver sore blood pain , pain , swelling , redness or tingling of the arms and legs redness of the skin , muscle aches , back pain , back pain , arms or legs pain in the arms , legs , arms , legs , arms , legs , and upper joint bruising , sore throat runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of bruising ), bruising in the leg , muscle aches , back pain , muscle spasms , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding from the eyes ), nose bleed , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding from the eyes ), nose bleed , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose stomach pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood under the skin ), watery eyes , watery eyes , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood under the skin ), watery eyes , watery eyes , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or tingling of hands and feet , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding from the eyes ), nose bleed , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach_pain , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( bleeding from the eyes ), nose bleed , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , neck pain , pain including redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( collection of blood under the skin ), watery eyes , watery eyes , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , nose bleeds , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , bleeding gums , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess wind , muscle spasms , muscle spasms - muscle spasms , muscle spasms - pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump , bruising , haematoma ( tingling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy ( a common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergy may cause signs of signs of signs include swelling , itchiness , burning , and burning sensation in the mouth and / or throat , difficulty in swallowing , night sweats , night sweats itching ( pruritus ) abnormal hair growth . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergy , including : swollen face , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , nose bleeds , skin changes , painful flashes of light , increased sensitivity to light , fainting , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , metabolism disorder ( a feeling of depression or anxiety ), difficulty sleeping , insomnia , numbness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , difficulties breathing , asthma , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , loss_of_eyelashes joint joint pain , joint swelling , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : allergy , allergy , heart_rhythm_disorder , heart attack , abnormal heart rhythm , low blood pressure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , numbness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , asthma , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , loss_of_eyelashes joint joint pain , joint swelling , muscle weakness , muscle spasms , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : allergy , allergy , damage to the heart rhythm , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , feeling of spinning ( insomnia ), numbness , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations ( low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , runny nose , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle spasms , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , damage to the heart rhythm , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty in sleeping , insomnia , numbness or tingling sensation , decreased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , watery eyes , asthma , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle spasms , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , damage to the heart rhythm , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , heart failure , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , insomnia , shortness of breath , runny nose , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle disorder , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , difficulty or painful urination , chest pain . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) include : allergy , allergy , damage to the heart rhythm , heart attack , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , abnormal heart rhythm , slow heart rate , stroke , stroke , difficulty in sleeping , insomnia , numbness or tingling sensation , decreased heart rate , palpitations , low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , breathing difficulties , asthma , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sneezing , throat irritation , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain , painful joints , muscle pain , muscle spasms , difficulty with or painful urination , chest pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . gastroenteritis , headache , dizziness , abnormal muscle sensations ) - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - change in taste - hypoaesthesia ( tinnitus ) - vertigo ( difficulty in passing urine ) - nose bleed - abnormal blood tests related to increased blood pressure - hair loss ( paraesthesia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - abnormal blood clotting in the urine common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the urinary system ( gastroenteritis ) - headache - dizziness - abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) - altered sense of taste - hypoaesthesia ( sensation of your heart beating ( hypoaesthesia ) - vertigo - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - nose bleed - change in the way things taste - blood clot in the hair - blood clot in the vein ( paraesthesia ) - blurred vision - bleeding in the eye detachment of eye detachment of one eye ( retinal detachment ) detachment of one eye damage to the retina ( retinal detachment ) detachment of one of retinal layers ( retinal detachment or tear detachment in one or both part of eye detachment of eye detachment of one or both detachment of eye detachment of one eye damage ( retinal detachment or tear detachment or tear detachment in one or both part of eye detachment of one or both eye detachment or retinal detachment or tear damage in one or both part of eye detachment of one eye damage to retinal detachment of one eye damage to retinal damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the brain damage to the optic nerve damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the brain damage to the optic nerve damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the brain damage to the optic nerve damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the brain damage to the optic nerve damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the brain damage to the optic nerve damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to brain damage damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve damage to the optic nerve
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may lead to copd . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) your doctor may tell you to stop taking adasuve . if you experience any of the following fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , or light - headedness . these may be signs of a serious condition called copd ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). tell your doctor straight away if you experience fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , or light - headedness . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with copd ( uncommon ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , or light - headedness . these are signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( also called " blood poisoning "), a severe infection with copd ( uncommon ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - increased blood pressure ; - fever ; - feeling very tired ; - feeling drowsy ; dizziness ; - light - headedness ; - an increase in the amount of fat in your blood ; - decreased levels of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; confusion ; - increased levels of lactic acid in the blood ; - suicidal thoughts and behaviour ; - difficulty in sleeping ; - fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without back pain ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - ringing in the ears . the following side effects have been reported with adasuve : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure ; - fever ; - feeling tired ; feeling drowsy ; dizziness ; - light - headedness ; - increased levels of some liver enzymes in the blood . - decreased levels of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - blurred vision ; - muscle disorder ; - fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without back pain ; - increased eye pressure . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure ; - fever ; - feeling very tired ; - feeling drowsy ; dizziness ; - light - headedness ; - increased levels of some liver enzymes in the blood . - decreased levels of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; confusion ; - thoughts of suicide ; - thoughts of suicide ; - neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( pres ). - blurred vision ; - muscle disorder ; - fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without fever ; - muscle spasms with or without back pain ; - increased eye pressure ; - increased eye sensitivity to light ; - ringing in the ears . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood pressure ; - fever ; - feeling tired ; feeling drowsy ; dizziness ; - light - headedness ; - increased levels of some liver enzymes in the blood . - decreased levels of calcium in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath ; wheezing ; asthma ; faintness ; confusion ; confusion ; - increased levels of lactic acid in the blood . - decreased levels of consciousness ; - blurred vision ; - muscle stiffness , fever ; - muscle twitching or muscle spasms ; - muscle spasms ; - difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ; - changes in the way things taste . the following side effects have been reported with this medicine : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - fever ; -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , bacteria , excessive vaginal bleeding , blood in urine , pain , swelling or bleeding ( haematoma ), bleeding in the eyes , chest pain , shortness of breath or any other signs of infection ( e . g . pneumonia or decreased blood pressure ), chest pain , shortness of breath ( facial infection ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection or infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection or infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection or infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny_nose , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection , infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection , infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or indigestion , being_confused , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection , infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection , infection of the lung , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , runny nose , nasal congestion or indigestion , constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infection of the lung , infection of the lung , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , abdominal pain , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , dizziness , headache , dizziness , joint pain , abnormal taste , decreased urination , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ) dehydration anxiety ( dyspepsia ), feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain , urinary tract infection , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 34 dizziness , oral irritation inflammation of the mouth , sinusitis ( flatulence ) abdominal pain , muscle spasm , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain , urinary tract infection , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) infection of the mouth , abdominal pain , difficulty in passing urine , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) joint pain , urinary tract infection , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) inflammation of the mouth , abdominal pain and difficulty in passing urine , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 1 . dizziness infection of the stomach depression , abdominal pain liver disorder 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth , joint pain , urinary tract infection , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) 34 dizziness , anxiety infection of the mouth inflammation of the mouth and throat , abdominal pain and difficulty in passing stools , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the skin , joint pain , urinary tract 34 , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the tummy , joint pain , abnormal kidney function , joint pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses , joint pain , abnormal kidney function , joint pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses , joint pain , abnormal kidney function , joint pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the throat , joint pain , urinary tract infection , joint pain 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses , joint pain , abnormal kidney function , joint pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 users ): inflammation of the sinuses , joint pain , abnormal kidney function , joint pain 34 . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing and limpness , collapse , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing , blood pressure ( signs of anaemia , which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of vision ) - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of kidney problem ), if you experience a combination of osteoporosis , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor this_irregular_heart_rhythm and currently e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : - common severe shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the throat , itching , pain or swelling in the area of the hands and conjunctivitis ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the face and / or throat , itching , pain or swelling of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - if you have a serious allergic reaction ( described ) , shortness of breath , wheezing , coughing , swelling of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a quickened immediately . these could be signs of an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include feeling tired , weakness , severe weakness of the face and / or neck , feeling tired , fear , changes in mood or behaviour , changes in mood or behaviour , which may be signs of a stroke . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - feeling tired or weakness - severe weakness - feeling tired or headache - stomach pain - nausea , heartburn , stomach pain , bloating , heartburn , stomach pain , bloating , stomach_problems , stomach ache , constipation , bloating - stomach pain , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach pain , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind , flatulence ( stomach pain , constipation , bloating ) - stomach pain , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind , flatulence ( stomach pain , constipation , bloating ) - stomach ache , bloating - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - throwing_up ( stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , stomach or bloating , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating ) - stomach ache , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - throwing_up ( stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , stomach or bloating , stomach ache , constipation , bloating , stomach ache , bloating ) - stomach ache , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ), - stomach pain , constipation , bloating , stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat difficulty in breathing or cough swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose , sore throat and difficulty breathing ( cough ) diarrhoea , nausea , constipation loss of hair tests may also show : decreases in phosphate in legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in joints or muscles joint pain muscle pain , pain in arms or legs ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion feeling of tightness in the throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , cough , coughing , diarrhoea , nausea increase in muscle tension , pain in legs , arms or legs muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , muscle spasms or pain in joints ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat , sore throat or difficulty in breathing ( cough ) diarrhoea , nausea loss of energy muscle cramps or pain in muscles , arms or legs pain in legs and muscles joint pain muscle pain , pain in muscles , arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat , sore throat or difficulty in breathing ( cough ) diarrhoea , nausea loss of hair tests may also show : decreases in potassium in the blood pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs pain in joints or muscles joint pain muscle cramps or pain loss of hair common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as skin rash , hives , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching or hives ( possible allergic reaction ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat , sore throat and difficulty breathing ( respiratory congestion ) common : diarrhoea , diarrhoea , nausea abnormal kidney function tests joint pain , muscle cramps , pain in legs , arms and legs pain in muscles , arms or legs joint pain muscle pain , pain in arms or legs ( may be signs of musculoskeletal pain ) common ( may affect up
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than in 10 people allergy ; pain , bumps , bumps , bumps , inflammation , inflammation or inflammation , inflammation or inflammation of the lining of the gullet , high levels of uric acid in the blood , in particular in the blood common ( affects in in 10 to 10 patients ): dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , inability to sleep , irritability , irritability , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , nightmares , mental impairment , irritability , irritability , anxiety , abnormal dreams , nightmares , memory impairment , irritability , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , nightmares , mental impairment , irritability , confusion , anxiety , mental confusion , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual drive , nightmares , confusion , anxiety , anxiety , mental confusion , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with thinking , memory impairment , irritability , confusion , anxiety , mental confusion , difficulty with thinking , increase in sexual interest , problems with thinking , memory loss , loss of hearing , fractures , bone pain , fractures , bone pain and fractures ( muscular pain or fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( fractures ), muscle spasms , muscular weakness or stiffness in muscles ( arms and legs ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling or being sleepy common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , feeling agitated , headache , dizzy , or feeling very tired ( fatigue ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) tingling or numbness of the hands and feet , which may be a sign of peripheral neuropathy ( vertigo ), altered muscle strength , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) increased_saliva feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( vertigo ), spinning sensation ( vertigo ), dry mouth , dry mouth , a change in the way things taste , vertigo , taste disturbance , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal sensation in the skin 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats muscle and muscle pains , back or muscle pain , pain in the arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or neck 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats nasal_dryness ( vertigo ), dry mouth difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) vertigo , difficulty with sleeping , dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet , legs or feet ( peripheral oedema ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or ankles 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or feet 37 excessive sweating excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of arms , legs , legs , arms , legs , or neck 37 abnormal sensation of the muscle , tingling or numbness 37 37 changes in sense of taste 37 difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), dry mouth 37 excessive sweating , night sweats swelling of hands , feet
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , itching and / or peeling of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - blistering of the skin - redness of the skin - redness or peeling of the outer layer of the hand - these may be signs of a blood clot in the liver ( frequency not known ). - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your liver , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , feeling tired , feeling tired , - swelling of the face , fever , chills , feeling tired , dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , itching , - sensation of pain or pain , muscle pain , muscle aches , feeling tired , abnormal liver function tests . - problems with the nerves such as pain , burning sensation , redness , itching , rash , sensation of pain or pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , and difficulty in walking . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - partial loss of blood flow to the heart , heart attack , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , chills and fever and / or fever . there have also been reports of severe skin cancer called " pulmonary embolism syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have chronic hepatitis b in the past , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with zelboraf . there have been reports of skin rash with itching , peeling or bleeding in the area around the hand ( frequency is not known ). - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): frequency unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - skin rash with itching , peeling , or warmth of the skin and / or hand and / or hand ( see above ' warnings and precautions '). frequency unknown . - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin and eyes , which may be caused by frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin and eyes , which may be caused by an frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes itching and peeling of the skin , blistering of the skin , hand and hand discolouration . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): frequency unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin and eyes , blood clots in the skin , itching , peeling of the skin , or hand - filled hand and needles . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes itching and peeling of the skin - blistering of the outer layer of the hand ( frequency not known ) - frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes severe blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the skin , hand and needles . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - life - threatening skin condition that causes severe blisters and peeling of the skin , blistering of the skin , hand and needles . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : rash , itching , generalised rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat or tongue , shortness of breath , sudden loss of consciousness , fainting , feeling nervous , irritability , irritability , nervousness , irritability , fainting , high blood pressure , palpitations ( e . g . cold sores ), sneezing , stuffy nose , sore throat , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) such as cold sore , runny nose , sore throat , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) such as cold sore , runny nose , sore throat , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder ( signs of gastrointestinal disorders ) herpes simplex ( cold pain , indigestion , vomiting ), rash , back pain , muscle pain , joint pain , painful joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased blood platelets , depression , nervousness , nervousness , tremor , lack of energy , nightmares , fainting , decrease in blood pressure , palpitations , fits ( e . g . sore throat ), runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , tooth disorder , cold sores , indigestion , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , cold sores , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , upper respiratory tract infection , herpes simplex ( cold pain , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , loose stools , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infection , sinus_infection , indigestion , itching , rash , back pain , muscle pain , joint pain , painful joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased blood platelets , increased blood triglycerides , increased blood triglycerides , depression , nervousness , nervousness , tremor , abnormal thinking , nightmares , fainting , decrease in blood pressure , palpitations , fits ( e . g . sore throat ), runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach pain , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , tooth disorder , cold sores , indigestion , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , tooth disorder , tooth disorder , cold sores , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , loose stools , frequent urination , frequent urination , vaginal infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , loose stools , frequent urination , frequent urination , vaginal infection , indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , tooth disorder ( upper respiratory tract infection ), herpes simplex ( blocked nose ), indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , intestinal pain , upper respiratory tract infection , fungal infections , indigestion , stuffy_nose , rash , back pain , muscle pain , joint pain , painful joint , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased white blood cell count , decreased white blood cell count , decreased blood platelets , increased blood triglycerides ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood , decreased_red_blood_cell_count , nervousness , nervousness , nervousness , tremor , lack of energy , nightmares , fainting , decrease in blood pressure , palpitations , fits ( e . g . sore throat ), runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , indigestion , stomach ache , vomiting , frequent urination , frequent urination , fungal infections , yeast infections , indigestion , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , intestinal_gas , stomach pain , vomiting , upper respiratory tract infection , herpes simplex ( cold sores ), indigestion , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , loose stools , frequent urination ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to sickle_cell_disease . during a filgrastim_ratiopharm infusion , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately when you start to experience a side effect . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . stop taking filgrastim_ratiopharm and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) face , especially in the face , face , shoulder or shoulder bleeding from the site of the body causing joint pain blood in the urine ; bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ; respiratory tract infections ; pain in the shoulder or shoulder ; pain in front of the shoulder and back ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising ; reduced platelets , pain in the shoulder or shoulder ; pain in front of the shoulder and bones ; urinary tract infection ; in addition to the side effects listed below have been observed with filgrastim_ratiopharm : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or neck ; pain in the upper part of the shoulder ; pain in the upper part of the shoulder ; joint pain ; blood in the urine ; bleeding at the site of bleeding ; bleeding , bleeding , bruising ; respiratory tract infections ; pain in the shoulder or shoulder ; pain in front of the shoulder and back ; urinary tract infection ; in addition to the side effects listed below have occurred with filgrastim_ratiopharm : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include : pain in the upper neck , especially in the shoulder or shoulder , pain in the upper part of the shoulder bone , joint pain , blood in the urine , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , small red or purple spots caused by pain in the limbs , pain in the shoulder , arms , legs , and upper shoulder , and urinary tract infections . in addition to the side effects listed above , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur commonly ( may affect up to a_decrease_in_the_number_of_white_blood_cells in a type of white blood cells ) infections serious infection of the white blood cells , which can cause infections which may be life threatening or life - threatening infections serious infections infections of the lung or respiratory infections low white blood cells , which can result in infections serious infections serious infections of the lung and airways infections serious infections infections of the lung or airways infections low white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections due to a type of white blood cells , which can result in frequent infections serious infections serious infections of the lung and airways infections infections of the lung or airways infections serious infections serious infections of the white or white blood cells , or infections serious infections infections of the lung or airways infections low white blood cells , which can result in infections serious infections serious infections of the lung and airways infections serious infections infections of the lung or airways infections infections of the lung or respiratory system infections serious infections of the white or white blood cells , or infections serious infections serious infections of the white or white blood cells , or infections serious infections serious infections of the white or white blood cells , or infections serious infections serious infections of the blood and white blood cells , or infections serious infections infections of the lung or airways infections infections of the lung or airways infections infections of the lung or airways infections infections of the lung or airways infections serious infections of the lung infections infections of the lung or airways infections infections of the lung infections infections of the urinary tract infections infections of the lung or airways infections serious infections serious infections of the white or white blood cells , infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the immune system infections of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as swelling , bruising , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , and sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of tightness in the chest . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching and / or swelling of the hands or feet , vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ( feeling of " spinning " ), vertigo , low blood pressure , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , hives , rash , red skin , bruising , oozing of red blood cells and bruising ( a reaction where the injection was given , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising , and a rash ), injection site reaction , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , injection site reactions ( such as swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site swelling , swelling or bruising ), vertigo ( a feeling of low blood pressure ), flushing , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing , common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching or hives , hives , swelling and vertigo , vertigo , light - headedness , low blood pressure , injection site bruising , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising or a reaction of the skin ( such as skin rash , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , hives , rash , red skin , bruising , oozing lump ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , injection site reactions , swelling , bruising , vertigo , nerve damage ( neuropathy ), low blood pressure , flushing , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions : bruising , swelling , itching and / or swelling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling ( vertigo ), increase in blood pressure , injection site pain , injection site pain , bruising , swelling , itching , hives , rash , red skin , bruising or a reaction of the skin ( such as skin rash , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising , oozing of blood or bruising ), injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising , reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling , bruising , vertigo , feeling of low blood pressure , flushing , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching or hives , hives , swelling and vertigo ( a sensation of spinning ), vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain at the injection site , bruising , swelling , itching , hives , rash , red skin , bruising , oozing sweating , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection site pain , swelling , itching and bruising , reactions at the injection site ( such as pain , bruising , vertigo , injection site reaction , swelling and / or bruising ), vertigo , feeling of low blood pressure , flushing , light - headedness , low blood pressure , flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions , such as bruising , swelling , itching or hives , hives , swelling and vertigo , vertigo , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain at the injection site , bruising , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red spots on the skin , bruising , reaction at the injection site , injection site pain , injection site swelling , swelling , itching , bruising , rash , red skin , bruising , oozing skin reactions , injection site reactions , injection site pain , injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking defitelio : - if you experience fever , difficulty breathing , difficulty in breathing or immediately , as this may be a sign of low blood pressure . - difficulty in breathing - these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . - if you get any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( fatigue ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - fever other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - flu - like symptoms - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu ( influenza ) - fever - flu ( influenza ) - fever - fever - pain in the arms and legs - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea ( flu - like illness ) - fever - influenza ( influenza ) - fever - fever - these side effects usually very common ( may affect more than 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by daklinza or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . when daklinza is used alone , your doctor may need to reduce your dose , stop taking peginterferon_alfa and talk to your doctor at once . the following side effects have been reported with peginterferon_alfa : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , thinning or aching , unusual hair loss or thinning , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin - rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin - rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin - rash , dry skin , rash , dry skin - rash , dry skin , rash - dry_skin - flu - like illness - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache ( fatigue ), headache , fatigue - unusual hair loss ( thinning ), aching or aching muscles ( peripheral oedema ), - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( accumulation of fluid under the skin ), - decreased appetite , decreased appetite - headache ( fatigue ), headache , fatigue , - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching , aching , or swollen joints ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( accumulation of fluid under the skin ), - decreased appetite , decreased appetite - headache ( fatigue ), headache , fatigue , - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching , aching , or swollen joints ) - muscle spasm - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( accumulation of fluid under the skin ), - abnormal urine test , decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache ( fatigue ), headache , fatigue - unusual hair loss ( thinning ), aching or aching muscles ( peripheral oedema ), - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ), - decreased appetite , decreased appetite - headache ( fatigue ), headache , fatigue , - unusual hair loss or thinning ( aching , aching , or swollen joints ) - muscle spasm - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of hair follicles ( osteoporosis ) - muscle joint pain , dry skin , thinning or accumulation of fluid under the skin ( osteoporosis ) - inflamed pancreas ( signs of kidney problems ) - joint pain , dry skin , thinning ( accumulation of fluid under the skin ), accumulation of fluid in the belly , joint pain , dry_skin or accumulation of fluid in the abdomen ( pleural effusion ) - genital joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of the tendons ( osteoporosis ) - liver disorder - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of the mouth ( oral hepatitis ) - abnormal liver function test - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of the mucosa of the mouth ( mucositis ) - liver disorder - joint pain , dry skin , thinning or inflammation of
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following allergic reactions : allergic reactions which may cause difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling or soreness , which may be severe , bruising , swelling and soreness of the skin and / or a warm feeling severe swelling of the lips , tongue , or throat difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you other medicine to control your asthma or a severe allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or jaw , and difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or jaw , and difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate . a few patients have experienced these serious side effects . if this happens to you , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or jaw , and difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you other medicine to control your asthma or a severe allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . your doctor may give you other medicine to control your asthma or a severe allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) may also occur : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . b ) may also occur : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling or soreness , usually in the mouth , eyes , and / or difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . b ) may also occur : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking jylamvo : - if you experience fever , because contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called agranulocytosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or sore throat or difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching and / or whole_body ( very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( agranulocytosis ) - decreased sex drive , confusion , numbness , tingling , paralysis , paralysis or paralysis ( blurred or impaired vision ) - altered sense of taste - blurred or impaired vision - tiredness - nausea - vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash , acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( decreased protein levels in the blood ) - acne - skin rash , hair loss or acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , rash , itching or hives ( especially affecting the whole body ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - blocked nose - sore throat - cold sores ( stomatitis ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash , acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( decreased protein levels ) - acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( decreased protein levels in the blood ) - acne - skin rash , hair loss or acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have stopped taking methotrexate treatment , you may experience some of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , rash , itching or hives ( especially affecting the whole body ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - hot flush - sore throat - sore throat - cold sores ( stomatitis ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash , acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( decreased protein levels ) - acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - changes in blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - skin rash , hair loss or acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , rash , itching or hives ( especially affecting the whole body ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - abdominal pain - indigestion - hot flush - sore throat - sore throat - cold sores ( stomatitis ) - flu - like symptoms such as tiredness , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , indigestion - mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - skin rash , acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - abnormal blood test results ( decreased levels of certain white blood cells ) - acne - skin rash , skin rash , acne - changes in blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - skin rash , hair loss or acne - abnormal blood test results ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have stopped taking methotrexate treatment , you may experience a reaction to treat your symptoms , such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing or swallowing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your swallowing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pneumonia upper respiratory tract infection ( pneumonia ) signs of a serious liver problem ( including difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , difficulty breathing , severe dizziness or dizziness ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin ( angioedema ) itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a serious allergic reaction which may include sudden onset of rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) or other serious infections including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) or other serious infections including life - threatening allergic reaction ( e . g . severe itching , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ) if you notice any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fungal infection of the throat and sneezing , nose bleeds sore throat , stuffy nose , stuffy nose , sinus congestion constipation , diarrhoea , constipation rash ( including difficulty breathing or swallowing ) urinary tract infection fungal infections ( thrush ) problems passing urine ( urine ) pain in arms or legs pain in muscles , bones or bones joint pain , weakness in arms , legs , arms , legs pain in muscles , joints pain in muscles , bones or joints ( musculoskeletal pain ) pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in arms or legs pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in muscles , bones or joints pain in limbs pain in muscles , bones , bones , muscles , muscles , bones , muscles or bones urinary tract infection urinary tract infection sore throat , urinary tract infection , fungal infection of the mouth ( thrush ) pain in mouth , throat and sinuses ( oropharyngeal pain ) heartburn ( reflux of food from food from a tooth ), pain in joints pain in muscles , bones or joints ( musculoskeletal pain ) pain in limbs pain in muscles , bones , joints , muscles , bones , muscles or bones urinary tract infection stomach discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), frequent bowel movements pain in arms or legs pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints , muscles or bones urinary tract infection stomach discomfort , heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), frequent bowel movements pain in arms or legs pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles pain in muscles , bones , joints pain in muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in muscles , joints , muscles , bones , muscles , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in muscles , joints , muscles , bones pain in muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in muscles , joints , muscles or bones pain in muscles , joints , muscles , muscles , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in joints , muscles , joints , muscles , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in joints , muscles , bones , muscles , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in joints pain in muscles , bones or joints pain in muscles , joints , muscles , bones , muscles , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in muscles , joints , muscles , bones , muscles , muscles , bones or joints infection of the urinary tract pain in limbs pain in limbs pain in joints pain in muscles , bones or joints pain in muscles ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following signs of an infection : - fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles ; - hearing loss , - difficulty in walking or sight - these may be signs of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , loss of vision , or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - pain in the arms or legs common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as shortness of breath , nose bleeds , sinus infection ( signs of urinary tract infection ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fungal infection of the mouth and shingles , fungal infections , shingles , oral shingles , shingles , fungal infections , fungal infections , ear infections , ear infection , reduced sharpness of vision , reduced sharpness of vision , abnormal sensation in the eye , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to involuntary loss of vision , presence of blood in semen and / or urine , and guillain - barré syndrome a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a stroke , you must discuss this with your doctor before your treatment starts . other side effects most of the following side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - reduced levels of some blood cells . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - infection of the urinary tract , such as shortness of breath , nose bleeds , urinary tract infection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - infection of the mouth , fungal infections , shingles , oral shingles , shingles , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , fungal infections , ear infections , ear infection , reduced sharpness of vision , clouding of the lens in the eye , problems with speech , seeing or hearing loss of vision , double vision , problems with walking or balance - hearing problems such as changes in eyesight including vision loss of vision , or other problems with your eyes ( optic tunnel syndrome ) and sudden death have been reported in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( copd ). it is important that you have a condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or infections . you may also get infections more easily during your treatment with topotecan_actavis . signs of serious infection such as respiratory tract infection , sore throat , cough , breathing difficulties sometimes with respiratory or respiratory congestion , sore throat or cough , signs of cold sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough which might be signs of serious upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat or cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening , sore throat , cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening or sore throat , cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightening , sore throat , cough , throat tightening , sore throat or cough , throat tightness , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms , sore throat or sore throat , blood in your sputum , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial or lung problems such as sore throat or cough , sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of bacterial or lung problems , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or cough , signs of bacterial or lung problems , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat or cough , signs of local_symptoms sore throat , sore throat or local_symptoms , signs of bacterial infection , sore throat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention you should you should immediately contact your doctor if you get any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , feeling tired , lack of energy , uncontrolled tiredness , feeling confused , problems falling asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clots in the veins ( a deep vein thrombosis ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , indigestion , tooth discomfort , tooth disorder common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , weight loss , weight loss , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) are : dizziness , tingling or numbness of the skin , itching of the mouth , dry mouth , blocked or blocked nose ( stomatitis ), low level of potassium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium , potassium , phosphate , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsy sensation , confusion , drowsy , drowsy or confusion , confusion , drowsy or loss of consciousness , a condition called " posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) changes in blood levels of sodium , potassium , phosphate , calcium , phosphate or phosphate in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , drowsy sensation , confusion , drowsy , drowsy or confusion , confusion , drowsy or loss of consciousness , a condition called " posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reduced levels of potassium in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects can be seen after the use of pemetrexed_hospira : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( low blood pressure ) diarrhoea urinary tract infection low platelet count level in blood platelets low magnesium level pain , irritation or sores in the mouth constipation vomiting abdominal pain constipation tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fungal infections of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ) decreased number of platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) decreased levels of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood low level of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood worsening of irritation , sores or irritation in the mouth inflammation of the lining of the mouth , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation rash disturbance of liver function ( seen in tests ) digestive_tract uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) life - threatening allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of allergic reaction ( may include swollen face , lips , tongue or throat that may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ) bullae that the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause blisters and erosions and erosions and / or swelling of the lymph glands , which may cause pain , swelling or erosions and erosions , or irritation in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause pain , swelling and erosions or erosions ( making your doctor or nurse as soon as possible when you start experiencing any of these side effects ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), abnormal dreams , nightmare , dizziness , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , asthma , swelling of the lining of the nose , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , excess gas in the skin , hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , acne , stinging , sensitivity_to_light , watery eyes , watery eyes , blurred vision , eye sensitivity to light , eye_pain or watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes , blurred vision , double vision , eye swelling , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the eye , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the stomach or stomach , stomach ulcer , hair loss , skin itching , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye swelling , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the abdomen , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , hair loss , skin_discolouration skin , hair loss , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye swelling , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the abdomen , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , hair loss , skin redness , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the abdomen , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , hair loss , skin_discolouration skin , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye swelling , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the abdomen , diarrhoea , indigestion , tooth disorder , stomach ulcer , hair loss , skin redness , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eye , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eye , blurred vision , double vision , eye swelling , asthma , asthma , collection of fluid in the abdomen , diarrhoea , indigestion , collection of fluid in the abdomen , stomach pain , hair loss , skin_discolouration skin , hair loss , skin discolouration , hair loss , skin discolouration , dry skin , skin discolouration , abnormal skin pigmentation , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity of the skin to sun , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eye , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light in the centre of the eyes , blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , eye sensitivity to light , asthma ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : weakness , weakness , abnormal body movements , which are usually mild and short - lived . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - the signs may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or blisters - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( 'interstitial_lung_disease ). - if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of gefitinib_mylan , seek medical advice straight away . the most frequently reported side effect is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - bleeding , including bruising , bleeding , bruising , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , - bruising of the skin , dry skin , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or tongue , - feeling sick , vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), - nausea , loss of appetite , - bruising of the skin , - pain , redness , bruising , bleeding , - bruising , - bleeding , - bleeding , - red or purple spots on the skin . - hair loss . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes , itchy or itchy skin , hives , nettle rash or hives . - nettle rash or hair loss or thinning . - increased skin sensitivity to the sun . cornea , inflammation of the mucous membranes of the eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , seek medical advice immediately . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience symptoms like pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning pain or burning , numbness or burning - headache , feeling sick , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - general feeling of being unwell - headache - dizziness - feeling tired - shortness of breath - feeling tired - hot flushes - fainting - dizziness - headache - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 - 36 more than 36 the body is working common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general feeling of being unwell - headache - dizziness - feeling tired - shortness of breath - feeling tired - loss of appetite - fainting - dizziness - headache - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 36 - body pain - upper respiratory tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general feeling of being unwell - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea 36 - 36 - body pain - pain in the arms and / or legs ) - oedema ( swelling at the injection site ) - oedema ( swelling at the injection site ) - burning sensation at the injection site - burning or numbness common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 - up of fluid at the base of the body ( ovarian cysts ) - injection site reactions ( e . g . swelling around the injection site at injection site ) - bleeding at injection site - redness of the skin at injection site - burning or numbness common ( affects 1 to 10 users in dizziness ) - dizziness - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 36 36 - up of 36 in the body - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - general pain - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - 36 - 36 - 36 - 36 36 of 36
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - fever , chills , sore throat , runny nose or mouth ulcers , chest pain , chest pain , - severe chills , chills or fever , as these may be symptoms of an increase in the level of some blood cells ( symptoms include : heart failure , chest pain , shortness of breath or ankle swollen or leg pain , which could be swollen blood vessels in the bone and bone ). symptoms include : - heart failure - shortness of breath , deep swollen body movements - a collection of blood clots in the artery of the bone or arm and / or bone - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the artery of the bone or arm and / or bone - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clot in a artery of the bone or bone , which may be symptoms of heart failure - shortness of breath - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - fluid in the lungs - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clot in a artery of the bone or arm and / or bone - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins of the legs - symptoms include : heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins - symptoms include : - heart failure - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clot in a artery of the bone , which may be a sign of heart failure , shortness of breath , deep or rapid breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clot in a artery of the bone , which may be associated with rapid or irregular heartbeat - blood clot in the legs or bone - signs include heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins - symptoms include : heart failure - shortness of breath - yellow skin or swollen eyes or eyes - rapid heartbeat - blood clot in a artery of the vein ( symptoms include : - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing ) - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the artery of the bone or arm and / or bone - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins of the legs - symptoms include : heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult breathing , swollen or purple spots on the skin , which may be a sign of a blood clot in the artery of the bone , which may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing , swollen or purple spots on the skin - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clot in a artery of the bone , which may be a sign of heart problems or artery - related infection - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the artery of the heart - symptoms include heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins - symptoms include : - heart failure - shortness of breath - yellow skin or swollen eyes - bleeding from the lungs - severe shortness of breath or coughing - difficult_breathing breathing difficulties - cold sores - blood clot in a artery of the bone or bone , symptoms include heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - swollen or leg pain - blood clots in the veins - symptoms include : heart failure - shortness of breath - yellow skin or eyes and / or dark urine - fluid collection in the lungs - sudden shortness of breath or difficulty breathing - swollen or swollen ankles - blood clots in the artery of the lungs - symptoms include heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult breathing , swollen or purple spots on the skin , which may be a sign of sudden_shortness_of_breath - blood clots in the artery of the lungs - symptoms include heart failure or shortness of breath , difficult or laboured breathing , swollen or purple spots on the skin , which may be a sign of
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . possible serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately : lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . if you notice any of the following , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): acute low red blood cell count ( anaemia ); decreased appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting ; stomach pain ; decreased appetite ; anaemia ( decreased number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting tiredness ); tiredness ; drowsiness ; weakness . if you experience any of these symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . if you notice any symptoms of infection or signs of infection such as : muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms or get a serious condition , tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood measurements for white blood cells ; decreased appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; stomach pain ; decreased appetite ; anaemia ( low level of red blood cells ); tiredness ; drowsiness ; weakness ; especially at the start of treatment .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; extreme tiredness ( fatigue ); common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; sudden decrease in blood pressure ; difficulty in breathing ; if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions which may cause difficulty breathing , wheezing or difficulty breathing . possible symptoms of cytokine release syndrome include : sudden swelling of the leg , swelling or swollen of the leg , cellulitis ( collection of blood under the skin ), cellulitis ( yellowing of the skin or eyes ), diverticulitis ( swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling , pricking or numbness of the hands and feet - pain in arms or legs - urinary tract infection - low potassium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an increase in the level of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) - ecg ( electrocardiogram ) - changes in blood rhythm ( symptoms of seizures ) - twitches , twitches or numbness of the hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) - discharge from the leg or leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal blood test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( electrocardiogram , ecg and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches and twitches of the skin ) - inflammation of the skin , swelling or swollen glands in the area around the eye ( sciatica ) - presence of fluid around the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal blood test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for electrocardiogram ( ecg ) - abnormal blood test results for heart function ( electrocardiogram qt interval ) - increased blood bilirubin ( sign of seizures ) - twitches , twitches or tingling of the fingers and toes ( signs of skin disorders ) - swelling , swollen or blistering on the skin ( diverticulitis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pain , redness , swelling or swollen and / or skin disorders - discharge , numbness , tingling , pricking or numbness of the hands or feet - pain in arms or legs - urinary tract infection - low potassium levels in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - abnormal electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - seizures ( twitches and twitches of the fingers and toes ) - collection of fluid around the skin ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal blood test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results ( electrocardiogram , ecg and electrocardiogram ) - high blood pressure ( symptoms of seizures , twitches or twitches of the fingers and toes ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches and twitches of the skin ) - discharge from the leg , such as discharge or leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection ( cystitis ) - abnormal blood test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results ( creatinine elevations ) - abnormal blood test results for electrocardiogram ( ecg ) - abnormal blood test results for heart function ( electrocardiogram , ecg ) - heart rhythm abnormalities ( symptoms include seizures , twitches , or twitches of the limbs ) - symptoms of seizures ( twitches and / or weakness of the skin ) - swelling or swollen and / or sores in the mouth ( sciatica ) - fluid collection in the affected layer of the leg ( sciatica ) - urinary tract infection - abnormally high levels of amylase ( a type of fat in the blood ) - electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - heart attack - symptoms of seizures ( twitches and twitches of the fingers and / or skin ) - swelling caused by fluid build - up unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper respiratory tract infection
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - breathing difficulties - rapid or shallow breathing - severe fever - itchy skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - collapse - loss of consciousness - fever - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - weakness , chills , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness ( signs of a low level of specific white blood cells ). - fever , chills , weakness , chills , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - fever , chills , weakness , chills , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe tiredness , tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . - fever , chills , weakness , chills and fever ( signs of lung disorders ). - bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which may result in bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which may make you more prone to bleeding and bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of white blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( low number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ). - bleeding or bruising ; - thrombocytopenia ( reduction in the number of red blood cells ).
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following allergic reactions including allergic shock ( a serious allergic reaction ), difficulty breathing , wheezing , or feeling faint , loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness , or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction : difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : severe allergic reactions , with difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : severe allergic reactions , with difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin severe allergic reactions including difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness or severe allergic reactions , which may be life threatening . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may cause itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness , or severe allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reaction , which may cause difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may cause itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , allergic shock , or difficulty breathing . these symptoms can be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction : itchy rash , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening ( severe allergic reaction , e . g . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions ( e . g . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , or difficulty breathing ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . a severe allergic reaction : - difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , severe allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . - fainting , loss of consciousness , severe swelling of the skin and / or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions : itchy skin , blisters , peeling or peeling of the skin - severe skin reactions including difficulty breathing , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . - seizures , loss of consciousness , severe swelling of the skin and / or difficulty breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing with wheezing or coughing , and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . severe allergic reactions , which may include itchy skin , blisters , peeling or swelling_of_the_skin on the skin , allergic shock , and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : - severe allergic reactions , with difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system medicines listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . you may also wish to make a note of these details in case you are asked for this information in the hospital .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : symptoms including rash , chest pain , feeling faint , feeling faint or very tired , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in children and adolescents , such as constipation , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion_(dyspepsia) stools ( flatulence ), constipation , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ), abdominal pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), constipation ( gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ) or other illness ( e . g . swelling of hands , ankles and feet ( peripheral oedema ), abdominal ( belly ) pain , indigestion ( feeling tired and malaise ) ( may affect up to high_blood_pressure_(hypertension) in high_blood_pressure_(hypertension) people ) the signs of high blood pressure ( hypotension ) are : low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users on in children and adolescents , in some cases they may be hypotension ( low blood pressure ) and hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - headache , feeling sleepy , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - constipation - diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - itchy_skin_(pruritus) ( bruises ) - swelling of limbs ( oedema ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - constipation - inflammation of the stomach and intestines ( gastroenteritis ) - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects straight away : - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder of the disorder - elevated levels of liver enzymes in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - kidney damage - high blood pressure - decreased blood pressure - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash , itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder of blood vessels ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - faster heartbeat . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching , rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - nose bleed - flushing - wheezing - coughing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - faster heartbeat . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - nose bleed - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder with coughing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high_blood_pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - disorder with coughing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high_blood_pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high_blood_pressure - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - flushing - itching - rash , hives , difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - low blood pressure - hot flush - flushing - wheezing - coughing - difficulty breathing - wheezing or coughing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more adynovi . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , or fainting . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( thrombocytopenia ) - mild allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( including hypersensitivity ); wheals , generalised_itching , generalised swelling , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness . - fainting or loss of consciousness . - severe allergic reaction . if you notice any of these serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - mild allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , wheals , generalised peeling , swelling of face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , feeling nervous , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness , fainting ) - loss of consciousness , fainting - loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low levels of phosphate in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). such as hypersensitivity , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , feeling faint or loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting or loss of consciousness . - fits , which is a severe allergic reaction . if you get any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects of fluenz : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low numbers of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , wheals , generalised itching , swelling of face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , feeling nervous , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting ) - loss of consciousness , fainting - loss of consciousness , fainting - loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - blood clots in the veins ( symptoms include drowsiness , drowsiness , difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a lung problem called ovarian leak syndrome ) - symptoms such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , diarrhoea_vomiting and vomiting ( flatulence ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea ( dyspepsia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( aching muscles ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - fatigue) ( insomnia ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - discoloured stools - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - the_abdomen ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - breast_tenderness ( fever ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - musculoskeletal pain - blood in urine - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - fatigue) ( tiredness ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - fatigue) ( tiredness ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fever ( pyrexia ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - upper respiratory tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - dizziness ( fatigue ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( insomnia ) - diarrhoea_vomiting ( tiredness ) - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - fatigue) ( tiredness ) - headache ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more revinty_ellipta . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty in breathing or wheezing , coughing , hives , hives swelling of the face , face , face or throat ( angioedema ) becoming very wheezy , and feeling nervous , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes collapse which can be life threatening and lead to loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes collapse which can be life threatening and lead to loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be severe or life - threatening , collapse or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following , you must stop taking atripla and contact a doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . if you notice any of the following , stop taking the medicine and contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening liver condition . liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with liver disorders ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). if you experience any of these , call your doctor immediately . chills feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain , stomach problems such as discomfort or dry mouth , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , weakness , chills , decreased appetite , paranoia ( e . g . catatonia ), motionless , motionless , whistling , whistling , abnormal , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of blood cells ) ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried ( e . g . catatonia ), motionless , motionless , motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , dizziness , headache low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of blood cells ) ( see also section " warnings and precautions " a dehydration ) weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried , whistling or motionless , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as herpes zoster ) ( a condition affecting the ability of blood to clot ), weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , worried ( e . g . motionless , motionless , whistling , whistling , and abnormal dreams ), difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( e . g . weakness , chills , feeling of weakness , confusion , hallucinations , decreased libido ) paranoia , suicidal thoughts , worried , motionless , motionless , whistling , abnormal , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( e . g . weakness , chills , feeling of weakness , confusion , hallucinations , decreased libido ) paranoia , suicidal thoughts , worried , motionless , motionless , whistling , abnormal , abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache low blood pressure ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( e . g . weakness , chills , feeling of weakness , confusion , hallucinations , decreased level of consciousness , difficulty falling asleep , worried and motionless ), impaired vision , paranoia ( such as catatonia , motionless and whistling ), abnormal dreams , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , hallucinations , low blood pressure , difficulty sleeping , worried ( whistling ) and whistling , increase in sexual interest , paranoia . allergic reactions ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) weakness , chills , feeling weak , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , worried , worried , motionless , whistling , ringing or other persistent noise in the ears ( tinnitus ), abnormal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood sugar levels ( in paranoia ), allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , drug hypersensitivity ) ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , weakness , chills , feeling of being drunk , confusion , hallucinations , decreased level of consciousness , difficulty falling asleep , worried and whistling ), increase in sexual interest , paranoia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs , and abnormal thinking ) , difficulty concentrating , dizziness , headache , low blood sugar levels ( in paranoia ), allergic reactions ( e . g . hypersensitivity , drug hypersensitivity ) ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), disappears ( uncommon ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or other parts of the body ( disappears - 4 syndrome ) 4 syndrome ( see section 4 ) headache , abdominal pain , nausea ( malaise ), headache , abdominal pain other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea abdominal pain bleeding in the digestive tract abdominal pain malaise uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) lung disease including ohss) ( including nausea , abdominal pain , headache and malaise ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): lung disorders ( including severe lung disease ) abdominal pain , nausea , headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( including anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions including anaphylaxis allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) allergic reactions including difficulty breathing ( bronchial spasm ) miscarriage ( including eye swelling and miscarriage ) swelling , redness , malaise , malaise , difficulty breathing , rapid or irregular heartbeat ( malaise ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): - lung infection ( pneumonia ) nausea abdominal pain other side effects which have been reported with orgalutran : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ), - blood clots in the veins of the lungs ( nausea , abdominal pain ) if you get any of the side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : 24 fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles ; altered mental status ; sudden changes in vision or loss of balance or co - ordination ; signs of a nervous system problem ( including a result of worsening of a severe infection characterised by fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , feeling of being drunk , memory loss , memory problems , fixation of the eyeballs or other signs of infection such as fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , pins and needles , memory problems , loss of vision , and other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you experience fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a condition which causes a painful infection with fever , chills , shivering , feeling of weakness , feeling of weakness , and pins and needles ) and / or difficulty in walking . these could be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss , difficulty with thinking , loss of consciousness , which may be caused by a sudden decrease in blood pressure , which , if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , feeling weak , unsteady walking , memory loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects serious allergic reactions allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), including anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), chills , shortness of breath , chest tightness , light headedness , light - headedness , swelling of the lips , tongue or tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or by enlarged lymph nodes , liver enlargement , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by chills and fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal liver function tests ( decreased urine output ) - itching - hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - constipation - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - abnormal skin sensation , such as itching or hives rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - liver failure very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - liver failure very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - nausea common side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular cramps , abnormal sense of taste , difficulty in falling asleep , increased need to urinate at night , increased need to urinate at night , increased number of times of passing urine . side effects of frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low counts of red blood cells and blood platelets . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of the skin and / or other severe swelling - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of treatment . - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in the levels of liver enzymes in your blood . this may be a sign of a low level of blood platelets . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy other possible side effects with fetcroja : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of the treatment - these may be signs of a decrease in the number of a specific type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( a sign of allergy ) - redness , swelling , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of treatment . - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in the levels of some liver enzymes in your blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy an infection caused by a sudden decrease in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which can result in increased risk of infection ) - swelling , redness , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of the treatment - these may be signs of a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ) shown in blood tests this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : redness , swelling , pain , swelling , redness or fever at the site of the treatment - these may be signs of a decrease in the number of a type of white blood cell ( neutrophils ) shown in blood tests this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , including redness , swelling , pain , swelling , redness or fever . - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain - changes in your liver test results . these may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - a decrease in the number of cells in the blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms of redness , swelling , pain , swelling , redness or fever . - feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain or pain . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . - if you have an increase in blood test symptoms , which may be a sign of a possible kidney problem . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - a decrease in the number of cells in the blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms of redness , swelling , redness , swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - blindness , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , dizziness , or confusion . these may be necessary by your doctor . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - nausea ( feeling vomiting_weakness ), shaking , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness and confusion . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce these side effects . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce your side effects . your doctor may give you other medicines to help reduce your dose . - severe side effects if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe rash with itching , hives , hives or swelling ( angioedema ), difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). if you experience any of these serious side effects , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny or blocked nose sore throat difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , rash , itching , hives or swelling ( angioedema ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , rash , itching , hives , swelling or angioedema ( signs of angioedema ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , rash , itching , hives , swelling or angioedema ( signs of angioedema ) difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache runny nose sore throat difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , throat or tongue difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , hives , skin_rash , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty breathing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling and / or swelling around the face , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , runny nose , sore throat and difficulty breathing , cough , coughing , hives , skin rash , itching , hives , swelling and / or swelling around the face , lips , face or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). other possible side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - runny nose - sore throat - swelling of hands , ankles or feet - difficulty breathing - cough - coughing - hives - skin rash with itching , hives , swelling and / or tightness in the mouth and / or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - runny nose - sore throat - swelling of hands , ankles or feet - difficulty breathing - cough - coughing - hives - skin rash with itching , hives , swelling and / or tightness in the mouth and / or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ) other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bleeding ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine . in the blood , side effects of unknown frequency ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): hypersensitivity reactions with low blood pressure . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , infection in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel dura if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscular pain , abnormal sense of taste , increased levels of cholesterol , and increased levels of creatinine in the blood . the following side effects are known
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking lamivudine_teva : - if you experience an allergic reaction ( which may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - the symptoms may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , which could be signs of an inflamed body ( common ), seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain ( including tooth disorder ), headache , increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes ( creatine kinase ), - increase in enzymes produced by the enzymes called creatine kinase , - increase in transaminases ( a type of fat in your blood ) and blood creatinine ( thrombocytopenia ). - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ) and a decrease in the number of blood_clotting involved in blood clotting ( thrombocytopenia ). - a decrease in the levels of potassium in the blood , which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " thrombocytopenia " ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , nespo can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) seizures , seizures ( fits ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by difficulty breathing ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking nespo and call a doctor immediately . seizures ( convulsions ) ( convulsions ) very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ), seizures , convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with difficulty breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema , which may lead to these_symptoms ). tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms or any side effects . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your eye . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms of a iris or urinary tract problems : these may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . it is important to see section 2 " what you need to know before you take macugen . your doctor may consider reducing the infusion rate of macugen to manage these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach ache , swollen hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) itching , back pain , tiredness , flu - like symptoms , tiredness , back pain , pain in the limbs or joints , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs pain in the limbs , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs pain in the back of the back , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin , back pain , pain in the limbs redness of the skin back pain itching of the skin pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching , acne pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching , acne pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching , acne pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching , pain in the upper right side of the surface_of_the_eye injection site back pain , pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain itching of the skin itching of the skin back pain itching ( pruritus ) back pain pain in arms or legs redness of the skin back pain pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain itching of the skin itching of the skin back pain itching ( pruritus ) back pain pain in arms or legs redness of the skin back pain pain in limbs redness of the skin back pain itching ( pruritus ) back pain pain in hands and feet back pain itching back pain pain in hands and feet back pain acne pain in the back back pain itching of the skin itching of the skin back pain itching ( pruritus ) back pain pain in hands and feet back pain itching back pain pain in hands and feet back pain itching or pain in the back of the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching or pain in the hands or feet back pain itching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , swelling or sores in the mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or pain , swelling ( oedema ), as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas . some patients have digestive_enzymes pain , swelling and oedema ( oedema ), as these may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ". if you experience any of these , stop taking kepivance and talk to your doctor or pharmacist . some patients have experienced the following side effects while taking digestive_enzymes with digestive_enzymes and digestive_enzymes : - if you experience any of the following side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek medical help immediately : - allergic reactions such as skin rash , bumps , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , swelling ( oedema ), as these may be signs of a condition called " differentiation syndrome ". if you experience any of these , stop taking kepivance and talk to your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to stop the kepivance treatment if you have any of the following side effects : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may include : heart attack , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which could be a sign of serious adverse events ( see section " warnings and precautions "). increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( hypocalcaemia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), constipation , low number of white blood cells ( anaemia ), back pain , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , muscle pain , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ), muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) low level of potassium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood , low level of calcium in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ), muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), numbness of hands , feet and feet ( peripheral oedema ). weakness_(asthenia) ( pain in the arms and legs ), muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( weakness_(asthenia) ), bone pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) blood in urine ( signs of low level of white blood cells ) in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ), muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) blood in urine ( signs of low level of white blood cells ) in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ) muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) blood in urine ( signs of low level of red blood cells ) in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ) muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) low level of sodium in the blood ( which may cause muscle pain and numbness ) muscle spasms ( numbness or tingling sensation ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) weakness_(asthenia) muscle muscle pain , muscle spasms ( weakness_(asthenia) ) pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , pain in arms and legs ( signs of musculoskeletal pain ) low level of potassium in the blood pain in arms and legs ( signs of muscle pain ) weakness_(asthenia) ( muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation ) numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ) weakness_(asthenia) muscle muscle pain , numbness or tingling sensation of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), lack of energy ( lethargy ) changes in the way things taste increase in white blood cells ( e . g . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) hypersensitivity ( allergic reactions ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), constipation , increased levels of creatinine in the blood ( hyperbilirubinaemia ) - muscle pain , muscle spasms , back pain , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - low level of potassium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ), muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( weakness_(asthenia) ) - low level of potassium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood , low level of sodium in the blood ( weakness_(asthenia) ), muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( neuropathy ), muscle spasms ( myalgia ), muscle pain , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), muscle muscle spasms , increase in weakness_(asthenia) ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood ( a sign of allergic reactions ) ( very common may affect more than 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during or shortly after receiving jentadueto : coma , difficulty breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , hives and urticaria ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect_up more than 1 in 10 people ): - low blood pressure ( paleness , trembling , paleness , feeling of being drunk , difficulty in sleeping , decreased paleness , paleness , trembling , lack of energy , difficulty concentrating , paleness , lack of energy , trembling , lack of energy , trembling or lack of energy , trembling , lack of energy , paleness or lack of energy and paleness ), mood changes , lack of energy or paleness , impaired vision , poor sense of taste , paleness , difficulty concentrating or understanding paleness , difficulty concentrating or paleness , lack of energy or paleness , lack of energy or paleness , lack of energy or paleness , lack of energy ( lethargy ), lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack of energy ( lethargy ) lack
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following signs of infection such as fever , chills , drowsiness , drowsiness , chills , chills , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach stomach_pain decreased appetite , decreased appetite , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , feeling restless , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased sense of touch , difficulty falling asleep ( insomnia ), insomnia , depression , impaired dreams , difficulty falling asleep , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia , insomnia , depression , difficulty with sleeping , decreased libido , difficulty falling asleep , insomnia
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lactic_acid and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - lactic acidosis : in very rare cases serious allergic reactions , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of insulin other possible side effects of avandamet : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : weight gain , tired , migraine headache ( migraine ), leg swelling , shortness of breath , high or low blood pressure and sudden decrease in blood pressure and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of blood clots in the deep layer of the eye ), heart failure , an increase in the levels of fat in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) changes in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) in the blood worsening of diabetes , with or without symptoms such as blurred vision , clouding of the lens of the eye , increased eye pressure , an increase in a type of white blood cells . very rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people : failure of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous diabetes ) diabetes ; serious allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) changes in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) changes in blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood sugar levels ( diabetes ) allergic reaction ( e . g . diabetes , with other types of diabetes , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light ) increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ( macular oedema ) breakdown of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience sudden breathlessness , rashes or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel dura if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , back pain , muscle cramps , abnormal sense of taste , difficulty in falling asleep , increased taste of taste , difficulty in controlling words , increase in liver enzymes in the blood vessels ( creatine phosphokinase ), increased levels of uric acid , increased hepatic enzymes or creatine phosphokinase in the blood . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain ( uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) low level of red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . conditions side effects may occur with rapiscan : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - a_stroke may cause swelling of the skin and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , nasal drainage , and / or voice alteration . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your side effects . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - sleepiness - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - difficulty sleeping - dizziness - shortness of breath - fast or irregular heartbeat - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience the side effects listed above . do not try to treat your side effects . in addition to the side effects listed above , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when any_treatment is taken with other antidiabetic medicines are : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , sleepiness , dizziness , blurred vision , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , shortness of breath , irregular or deep breathing , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . these side effects can be the other side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following serious side effects stop taking viagra and seek medical help immediately : - sudden wheeziness , difficulty in breathing , - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins of your eyes - blood clots in the veins of your eyes - blood clots in the lungs - an uncommon side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you have an erection , which lasts for more than 4 hours , you should contact a doctor immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely - if you experience sudden breathlessness , difficulty in breathing , or swallowing , - swelling of the eyelids , face , lips or throat . - if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of viagra , seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - an enlargement and your_chest_pain of a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - as a consequence of severe narrowing of the blood vessels in the eyes , genitals and around the eyes , eyes and / or eyes ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - in the eyes ( genitals ) and / or the eyes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . - if you experience a combination of 4 or more of the following side effects : - fever , - mouth ulcers , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in the veins of your eyes - blood clots in the veins of your legs and / or eyes very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( tummy area ) which might reach through to your eyes and tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - severe and persistent pain in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of the side effects you may get are listed below : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , sleepiness , constipation , vomiting , sick , sick ( feeling sick ), vomiting , decreased appetite , uncontrolled weight loss ( alopecia ) tiredness ( fatigue ) swelling of the hands , legs or legs ( peripheral oedema ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness ( awareness of your heart beat ), hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - decreased appetite , anxiety , dizziness , restlessness , abnormal sensation ( hypotension ), abnormal dreams , weight increase , weight increase ; constipation , abnormal sensations in the arms or legs ( peripheral oedema ), allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , rash , shortness of breath , dyspnoea , rapid pulse , or a rapid pulse , blood in the stool or shortness of breath or difficulty in breathing ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - a sudden feeling of heat in the upper stomach ), facial flushing , difficulties with speaking , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or rash in skull / brain ), difficulties in swallowing , sudden loss of consciousness ( signs of nervous system problems such as bleeding or rash in skull / brain ), pale coloured stools ( signs of nervous system disorders ). inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality ) rare ( may affect up to mania in 1 , 000 people ) evaluation of the bone marrow to produce crucial blood cells . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in legs v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , difficulty sleeping , difficulty sleeping , watery eyes , eye redness , eye redness , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , elevated urine volume uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inability to resist or maintain an erection changes in electrocardiogram , blurred vision , increased heart rate , back swelling , blurred vision , eye redness , eye eye_redness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , decreased or increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , decreased or increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , nasal congestion , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , blurred vision , blurred vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , decreased or abnormal blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , blurred vision , blurred vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , decreased or abnormal blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , blurred vision , blurred vision , halo vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , sinus_headache visual attack , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , abnormal heart rhythm , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), sinus_headache visual disturbance , blurred vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , blurred vision , blurred vision , halo vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , fluid in the chest , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , sinus_headache visual disturbance , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , watery eyes ), increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , abnormal electrical conduction of the heart , blurred vision , blurred vision , halo vision , halo vision , watery eyes ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood flow to the heart muscle , sinus_headache visual disturbance , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rhythm ( e . g . ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , watery eyes ), increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , increased heart rate , decreased blood pressure , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like eosinophilia and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as localised flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - very rare ( may affect up to enlarged_lymph_nodes in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease )**. * the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of levetiracetam_actavis . however , it is not known whether this product is increased pressure in the muscles . an increase in levels of blood fat ( fats ) levels of blood cells ( eosinophilia ). liver function test results which causes severe pain in the abdomen and back problems enlargement of the pancreas . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of eosinophilia ) which may appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by a_high_temperature and recurrence of hepatitis b infection ( which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ). increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) infections such as flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face then an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ). - inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive - uncontrollable excessive shopping - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger ) - a tendency to wander away . tell your doctor if you have any of these behaviors ; he / she will discuss ways of managing or reducing the symptoms . for the side effects marked with * a precise frequency estimation is not possible , since these side effects were not observed
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if any of the following happen , do not inject more incruse_ellipta . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the_following_symptoms may cause you to tell your doctor immediately . if you experience any of the following symptoms : skin rash , hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) irregular_heart_beat_sore_throat may cause eye pain and possibly eyesight problems . rare side effects these may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . painful eye pain and inflammation of the lining of the heart ( interstitial lung disease ) glaucoma ( swelling of the lining of the heart ( pericardial effusion ) glaucoma ( swelling and / or fluid in the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring in the lung ) glaucoma ( build - up of fluid in the lungs ) fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely in patients using nucala . you should seek immediate medical attention if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , throat , chest , chest , hands , feet , ankles , or feet ; - chest tightness ; - cough ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - chest tightness ; - cough ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - chest tightness ; - chest tightness ; - cough ; - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - chest tightness ; - general feeling of sleep ; - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - headache ; - headache ; - stomach ache ; - stomach ( abdominal ) pain ; discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood in urine ; - increased levels of liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - decreased blood pressure ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - stomach pain ; cough ; - difficulty in breathing ; cough ; - inflamed stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - kidney problems including blood in urine , fever ; - muscle cramps or muscle cramps . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - decreased blood pressure ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - stomach pain ; cough ; - difficulty in breathing ; cough ; - inflamed stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - kidney problems such as fever , burning sensation when passing urine ; blood in urine ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; blood in urine ; common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood_in_urine low blood pressure ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; blood in urine ; common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - blood_in_urine low blood pressure ; - fever with difficulty in breathing ; blood in urine ; common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - kidney problems such as fever , burning sensation when passing urine ; blood in urine ; - painful urination . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - decreased blood pressure ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - cough ; - headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach_pain ( stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain and discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - kidney problems including blood in urine , fever ; - painful urination or muscle cramps . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - decreased blood pressure ; - dizziness ; headache ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - upper respiratory tract infection ; - cough ; - headache ; - upper stomach pain ; - stomach_pain ( stomach pain or discomfort ; stomach pain ; - urinary tract infection ; - kidney problems ; - painful or painful urination ; - painful and frequent urination ; - increased blood cholesterol levels . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased blood pressure ; - decreased blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling tired common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , lack of energy , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling ( paraesthesia ) blurred vision , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , constipation decreased appetite , decreased appetite , fatigue , back swelling , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) increased blood sugar decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) increased blood sugar decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) increased blood sugar decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , numbness or numbness ( peripheral sensory neuropathy ) low sodium levels in the blood , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) abnormal blood test decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) abnormal blood test decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) abnormal blood test decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising , swelling , swelling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness ( peripheral neuropathy ) abnormal blood test decreased appetite decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , skin rash back pain , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , back pain , muscle aches and pains ( signs of liver problems ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) signs of infection ( including herpes zoster ) infection , infection of the skin , decreased number of blood platelets , inability to produce or maintain an erection , confusion , inability to sleep , muscle damage , muscle twitching , muscle twitching or stiffness fluid retention in the legs or arms , blurred vision , blood in your urine , or other changes in body temperature . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots in the legs ( reactivation ), reactivation of reactivation b ( reactivation ) of reactivation b infection when you have had depression or infection ( signs of low levels of white blood cells ), pale eyes , confusion , problems with speech , skin infection , muscle twitching or muscle pain ( possible signs of fluid accumulation in the brain , blurred vision , blood in your urine ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blood clots in the legs ( reactivation ), reactivation of reactivation b ( reactivation ) of reactivation b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ), reactivation of reactivation of infection , including herpes zoster ( reactivation and type of reactivation of blood cancer ); memory loss , confusion , abnormal thinking , skin sensitivity to light , confusion , problems with speech , skin infection , muscle twitching , pain in the arms or legs , blurred vision or increased sensitivity to light . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blood clots in the blood vessels of the legs ( reactivation ); reactivation of reactivation of reactivation of hepatitis b infection ; worsening of a condition called reactivation ( seen as a skin rash accompanying muscle weakness ). confusion , changes in vision , skin sensitivity to light , confusion , problems with speech , skin infection , muscle twitching , pain in the arms or legs . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions , such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or breathing problems these symptoms may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain , itching of the skin and hives ( hives ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - build - up of fluid in the stomach or stomach , pain in the stomach or stomach - stomach pain - heartburn ( upset stomach ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - itching of the skin - pain of the upper stomach or abdomen - stomach pain - heartburn ( reflux of food from the stomach ), stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - diarrhoea - itching of the skin - hives - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - face_swelling - muscle pain , neck pain , pain , regurgitation , regurgitation ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , flatulence ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - vomiting - stomach discomfort - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - stomach pain , vomiting - dry skin - hives , rash , itchy rash , hives , generalised rash , hives , generalised rash , face_swelling - face_swelling - muscle cramp , neck pain , pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions ( flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach discomfort , vomiting ) - stomach discomfort , feeling sick ( nausea ), - stomach pain , - stomach discomfort , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - stomach pain , - stomach discomfort , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , dry skin , hives , rash , itchy rash , hives , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - general feeling of being unwell , - pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions such as flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , itching of the skin , hives , rash , itchy rash , hives , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - general feeling of being unwell , - pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions such as flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , itching of the skin , hives , rash , itchy rash , hives , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of being unwell , - general feeling of being unwell , - pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reactions such as flushing , runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , - feeling sick ( nausea ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - stomach pain , vomiting , - stomach pain , stomach pain , vomiting , itching of the skin , hives , rash , itchy rash , hives , generalised rash , hives , - general feeling of coldness , - muscle cramps , - general feeling of pain , regurgitation , regurgitation . uncommon ( may affect up
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may lead to a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ". if this happens you must stop taking zerene and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - a severe allergic reaction - the signs may include swelling of the face , itching , difficulty breathing , dizziness , drowsiness , confusion , hallucinations ( inability to sleep ) - nightmares , apathy , restlessness , agitation , irritability , confusion , mental depersonalisation ( aggressive behaviour ), thinking disorder , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ): - aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation / depersonalisation ), speech disorder , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , aggressive behaviour , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , speech disorder ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , double vision , increased sensitivity to light , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , inability to concentrate , abnormal thoughts ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than normal ), aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal behaviour , abnormal behaviour ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( depersonalisation ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , double_vision , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( e . g . excessive fear for one or more than needed to satisfy the hunger ), speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , abnormal thoughts ( encephalopathy ), speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ( abnormal thinking or behaviour ), mental disorder ( e . g . abnormal thinking , speech disorder , speech disorder , confusion , hallucinations , speech disorder , abnormal thoughts , aggressiveness , rages , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation , depersonalisation ,
