like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking incivo and tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - fever , which may be associated with shortness of breath or fatigue , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of a combination of a severe allergic reaction ) - inflamed mouth or mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ), - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . - a combination of rash , itching of your face , mouth or tongue , swollen abdomen ( stomatitis ), - increase in liver enzymes - a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - a combination of rash , itching and / or swelling of the skin , lumps on the mouth , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ). these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - tiredness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased thirst or a decrease in the levels of your blood cells ( creatinine ) in your blood . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased feeling in your stomach or bowel ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood ( triglycerides ) - side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased feeling in your stomach or bowel ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine and your need for regular blood tests . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased feeling in your stomach or bowel ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood ( triglycerides ) - side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased thirst - increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased feeling in your stomach or bowel ( shown in a blood test ) - creatinine in your blood ( triglycerides ) - side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased thirst - increased levels of your liver enzymes in your blood ( creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - shortness of breath
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with zinbryta . liver problems ( including hepatitis b infection ) such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy coloured stools ( signs of liver disorders ) liver problems such as yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy skin , dark coloured urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark coloured urine , itchy skin ( erythema multiforme ). liver problems including liver failure , which may be a sign of liver problems . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , dry or itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis , runny nose , sore throat , coughs , dry skin , sore throat or coughs , dry skin , sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose and sore throat , runny nose ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ), dry skin ( pharyngitis ) blood tests showing diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin ( pharyngitis ), dry skin ( pharyngitis ) blood tests : diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or dry mouth , upset or runny nose , sore throat or sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry or paleness , blood in the urine , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , sore throat or sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat or sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , dry skin , pharyngitis , dry or paleness , blood in the urine , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or dry mouth , upset or runny nose , sore throat or sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or dry mouth , upset or runny nose , sore throat or sore throat , pharyngitis , dry or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or dry skin , dark urine ( haemolytic anaemia , liver injury ), raising of the white - brown urine and liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ). other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , dry or itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ), runny nose , sore throat or coughs , colds and upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , dry or itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ), runny nose , sore throat or coughs , colds and upper respiratory
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data very common : affects more than 1 user in 10 uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia may cause a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), hypoglycaemia may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called hypoglycaemia ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital symptoms , as soon as possible . if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy skin or rash ). other side effects some patients have had the following side effects while taking hypoglycaemia : very common : diarrhoea , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea and diarrhoea . hypoglycaemia ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): a condition where your liver is working properly ( see section 2 ). if you do develop a type of mental disease ( e . g . coma and / or swelling at the site of injection , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating , anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy skin , rash ). increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( seen in tests ) hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , redness of the skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating , anaphylactic reaction , itchy rash and rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver function . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( seen in tests ) hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction , itchy skin , rash ). increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver function . symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very rare possibility but can affect very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as soon as possible : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - sweating - anaphylactic reaction - itchy rash or rash other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause rash , itchy skin , rash other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - injection site reactions ( feeling sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or swelling , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - bleeding or bruising where the injection is given - flu - like symptoms - feeling sick ( being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain or swelling , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - dizzy , feeling sick ( being sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling , including a hard lump or swelling at the infusion site - itching - itching - swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - dizzy , feeling sick ( being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - itching - itching - swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - dizzy , feeling sick ( being sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the hand injection - dizzy - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the hand injection - dizzy - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the hand injection - dizzy - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - muscle spasms - joint pain - joint pain - swelling or swelling at the infusion site - redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , difficulty breathing , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or throat . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . - combined - h1209en version : 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common general side effects are described below : most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of your treatment . your doctor may give you other medicines to help control your side effects . your doctor may give you other medicines to help control your side effects . your doctor may give you other medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients may experience a combination of the following side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). the_side_effects may cause bruising or bleeding without bleeding without stomach pain , nausea , abdominal pain or jaundice , yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , dark coloured urine , itching , or bruising . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have more severe side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( signs of low levels of red blood cells ). pain in the stomach or abdomen , nausea , abdominal pain , jaundice ( yellowing of the body ), yellowing of your eyes or eyes and dark urine ( dark urine ). if you get any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be associated with fever and a tendency to develop infections ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea , dyspepsia ( loss of appetite ), weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , night sweats , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and nausea . these side effects can become more common , which may be a sign of liver problems . the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in increased risk of bruising , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ) extreme tiredness , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), passing wind ( loss of appetite ), loss of appetite , weight loss , loss of appetite , involuntary or excessive tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , chills , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and nausea . these side effects can become more common , which may be a sign of liver problems . the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your pain_in_your_eyes with or without coughing , wheezing , coughing and wheezing , or respiratory arrest ( signs of a lung disorder called pulmonary hypertension ) - heart problems ( collapse , coughing , rapid pulse , collapse or breathing problems , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - worsening of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - sinusitis , wheezing , coughing or wheezing ( wheezing ) - chest pains ( signs of a heart attack ) - fast heart beat - collapse - coughing - light - headedness , collapse or breathlessness tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe infection or life - threatening allergic reaction . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - worsening of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your pain_in_your_eyes and needs urgent medical attention . - glaucoma ( difficulty in breathing , or chest pain ) - urinary retention . - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of your face or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( serious allergic reaction ) signs include swelling of your face , throat or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , such as diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction , skin rash , hives and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions which may include swelling of your face or throat , with a drop in blood pressure . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction ( such as skin rash , hives , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing ), serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of your face and throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions , which may be life - threatening . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection , diarrhoea , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash , hives , allergic reaction , skin rash , hives ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as headaches , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , tiredness , back pain , joint pain , back pain , bone pain , pain in arms or legs , bone pain , or pain in arms or legs , bone pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting ( uncommon ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): skin rash ( including joint pain , joint pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration at the site of injection ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , decreased appetite , nausea and vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration at the site of injection , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the arms or legs , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , leg pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the joints , bone pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , leg pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the joints , bone pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , leg pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the joints , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the joints , bone pain , blood in the urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( flushing ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration at the injection site , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , chest pain , swelling of the face , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in the joints , bone pain , blood in urine
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and eosinophils . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) involuntary penis and penis feeling in and around the vagina feeling of burning in and around the vagina headache uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being unwell pain in the arms and legs feeling of pressure in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of being unwell pain in the arms and legs reduced sense of touch or sensation in the mouth feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea ; constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with fever ; fever ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): increased appetite ; difficulty in sleeping ; dizziness ; headache ; nausea ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; indigestion ; constipation ; loss of appetite ; abdominal pain or discomfort ; passing wind ( flatulence ); abdominal pain or discomfort ; loose stools ; abdominal pain or discomfort ; passing wind ( flatulence ); elevated levels of liver enzymes ; yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ; itching ; rash ; itching ; hair loss ; increased sweating ; redness of the skin ; muscle spasms ; back or muscle pain ; pain in limbs , arms or legs ; reduced sense of touch ; sensation of heaviness ; fever ; collection of pus in the arms and legs ; weight gain ; abnormal style of walking . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting ; reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of blood clotting ; high blood levels of uric acid ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for liver ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; hallucination ; mood swings ; depression ; hallucination ; panic attack ; temporary loss of vision ; trembling ; tingling ; sensation of tingling ; numbness ; tingling in the mouth ; dizziness ; impaired vision ; loss of vision ; blurred vision ; eye eye_disorders ; ringing in the ears ; slow or irregular heart beat ; hot flushes ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; high or low blood pressure ; bleeding from your nose ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clots in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clots in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the gut ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; blood clots in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the gut ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; blood clots in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the gut ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; bleeding inside the skull ; fever ; collection of fluid in urine , pain or discomfort in the joints ; weight gain ; weight gain ; abnormal laboratory test results ; decreased renal function ; uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increase in white blood cells ; changes in blood clotting ; high blood levels of uric acid ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal blood measurements for lactate dehydrogenase ; high blood levels of uric acid ; high blood levels of uric acid ; hallucination ; mood swings ; depression ; hallucination ; panic attack ; temporary loss of vision ; trembling ; tingling ; sensation of tingling ; numbness ; tingling in the mouth ; dizziness ; impaired sense of taste ; sensation of smell ; blurred ; vision changes ; loss of vision ; vision disturbances ; vision disturbances ; eye eye_disorders ; changes in vision including tunnel vision ; eye_disorders spots in the ear ; sensation of heart beating rapidly ; high blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the nose ; bleeding from the nose ; high or low blood pressure ; bleeding from your nose ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clots in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the brain ; bleeding from the vagina ; blood clot in the veins ; reduced blood pressure ; bleeding in the gut
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; shortness of breath ; indigestion ; nausea ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a history of seizures ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of appetite weakness , including weakness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of appetite weakness , including weakness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of appetite weakness , including weakness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea skin rash flaking abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of energy inability to achieve or maintain erection ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes dry_eye of the conjunctiva of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . cornea . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea skin rash flaking of the skin tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of appetite inability to achieve or maintain erection ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , pain and unsteady gait dizziness inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes watery eyes blurred vision clouding of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . cornea . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pharyngitis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require 7 . these side effects may occur with certain frequencies , which are defined as follows : - wheezing , swelling of face , face or face , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and dizziness - headache , joint swelling or back tightness , fever , nausea , fatigue or sudden drop in blood pressure . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - joint swelling - back pain - muscle pain - fever - fatigue ( nausea ) - nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 , 000 doses of the vaccine ) - allergic reaction - rash - hives - feeling unwell - an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as fever , breathing difficulties , difficult or shallow breathing , cough , breathing difficulties or tightness in your chest , difficulty breathing or breathing , itchy rash or hives , which may indicate a reaction called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful mouth - sore throat - headache - a drop in blood pressure on standing up which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - infusion - related reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : chills or breathing problems as these may indicate problems of the lung ( interstitial lung disease or pulmonary hypertension ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or headache with bloody sputum ( uncommon ) ( may indicate a blood clot in the blood vessels of the skin ) - bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by bruising on the skin , bruising , swelling or sores in the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). - if you experience any of these , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling pale in your mouth - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chills or sweating - skin rash . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters and / or facial swelling on the skin , blistering of the mouth , eyes or mouth , peeling of the skin , dark brown spots on your skin ( pancreatitis ), as well as small red spots on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , blisters on the skin , peeling of the skin , peeling of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by small red or purple spots caused by small pus - filled blisters , blisters on the skin , peeling of the lips , eyes or mouth , peeling of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin that is covered with small red or purple spots caused by small pus - filled blisters , blisters on the skin , peeling of the lips , eyes or mouth , peeling of the skin , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin that is covered with small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) have been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful eyes - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : chills or sweating - skin rash . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters or thickening of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain , joint pain , painful joints , painful joints , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome syndrome ), decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea ( constipation ) rare : skin changes ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain ( angina pectoris ), low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , rhinitis) red or swollen eyes ), runny nose , blocked or blocked nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose , cold sores ( stomatitis ), skin discoloration , itchy skin ( erythema ), presence of blood in urine , abnormal kidney function tests ( melanoma ), increased blood sugar , decreased blood sugar , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , hives ( hives ), swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), runny_nose hair loss ( alopecia ), abnormal blood clotting ( melanoma ), increased blood triglycerides ( fat ), increased cholesterol in the blood , decreased appetite , confusion , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin rash ( erythema multiforme ) blood disorders : decreased appetite , confusion , hallucinations ( joint pain ), arthralgia ( joint pain ), tendon disorder ( gynaecomastia ), joint pain , painful joints ( arthritis ), numbness or tingling sensation ( paraesthesia ), abnormal weight decreased weight decreased weight , decreased weight , weight decreased , weight decreased , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin rash ( itchy ) rash ( pruritus ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) difficulty sleeping ( dyspnoea ) rash of the skin ( erythema ), runny nose ( stomatitis ) skin redness ( pruritus ) skin ulcer and irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) nose bleeds , swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) runny nose , sore throat hives ( pruritus ) skin eruption ( dermatitis ) skin ulcer and irritation of the skin ( dermatitis ) nose bleeds difficulty or painful urination , inflammation of the mucous membranes ( e . g . runny_nose ), runny nose , inflamed nose ( stomatitis ) redness of skin ( erythema ) skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ) melanoma ( increased risk of urination ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased appetite , confusion , hallucinations , joint pain , arthralgia ( joint pain , joint pain , joint pain or stiffness in muscles , arms or legs ) numbness or numbness of the hands or feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal weight decreased weight decreased weight increase . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of hulio . very serious infections ( including blood poisoning and / or heart_attack ) have been reported in patients receiving hulio . inflammation of the pancreas which causes difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which could be a sign of an infection of the lungs called " pulmonary oedema ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - muscle cramping , muscle weakness - muscle weakness - abnormal muscle sensations , including kidney problems and / or kidney failure , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , - if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , dizziness , heart attack , irregular heart beat ( signs of heart problems ) - vomiting , nausea , feeling sick , fever and infection - signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , arm or leg aches , feeling weak or wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , wounds , coughing , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without bleeding without bleeding such as : - fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems ; - feeling weak or wounds ; - signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; - painful eyes ; feeling weak or wounds ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; signs of nerve problems ; - feeling weak or wounds ; - coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg ; arm or leg pain ; - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , or bleeding without bleeding without bleeding such as : - fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing ; - painful eyes ; feeling weak or wounds ; signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , arm or leg ; feeling weak or wounds ; signs of tingling , numbness , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness ; signs of a high blood pressure . signs of blood disorders : - unusual bruising , which may make your skin pale and cause bruising or bruising ; - bleeding or bleeding that would not go away , or if you notice any of these signs or signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds or dental_problems , dental problems , burning on urination , wounds or dental problems , burning sensation , tired or coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - signs of a low blood platelet count : signs of a life - threatening condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - wheezing or breathing difficulties - symptoms such as breathing difficulties , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties or wheezing , symptoms of rapid heartbeat , low blood pressure , angina , feeling faint or chest pain , angina and wheezing . these could be symptoms of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ". tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea , retching , constipation - reflux of reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence - constipation - constipation - fatty_lumps - fatty_lumps swelling - abnormal or change in your sense of taste - loss of contact - rash - rash - itching of the skin - abnormal blood test results ( see section clot ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence - constipation , itching - abnormal skin sensation - abnormal or fatty liver - feeling hot or pain in your arms and legs - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - abnormal skin colour or fatty lumps under the skin - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - abnormal skin sensations or fatty lumps under the skin - feeling hot - rash - itching of the skin - abnormal or fatty skin - abnormal skin colour or fatty_lumps - an increase in certain enzymes in the blood ( clot of a blood test ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - swelling of the face and / or tongue - abnormal sensation in the skin - feeling hot or rash - itching of the skin - abnormal skin sensations or fatty_lumps - feeling hot ( rash ) - itching of the skin - abnormal skin sensations or fatty lumps under the skin - feeling hot or rash - itching of the skin - hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - rash - redness of the skin - abnormal skin colour ( pigmentation ) - increase in blood pressure ( clot ) - increase in blood pressure ( clot ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of stomach juices , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - swelling of the face and / or tongue - abnormal sensation in the skin - feeling hot or rash - itching of the skin - abnormal or fatty liver - increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot of a blood test ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - swelling of the face and / or legs - abnormal sensation in the skin - feeling hot or rash - itching of the skin - abnormal or fatty liver - increase of sugar in the blood ( triglycerides ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of reflux of stomach , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence , - constipation , - swelling of the face and / or legs - abnormal sensation in the skin - feeling hot or rash - itching of the skin - abnormal or fatty liver - increase of sugar in the blood ( triglycerides ) - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - headache - insomnia ( feeling sick ) - nausea - retching - constipation - reflux of stomach juices , indigestion , flatulence , constipation - itching_of_the_skin - indigestion , flatulence
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever , chest pain , shortness of breath or if you have symptoms of heart problems - shortness of breath , chest pain or fever - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms include : - fever - chest pain - shortness of breath - blisters and peeling of the top layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis or signs of heart problems ) - chest pain - shortness of breath - chest pain - fever - flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin_rash include : weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite - tired or shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - severe breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - which may cause peeling or peeling of the body - serious allergic reactions ( e . g . shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the outer layer of the body ( stevens - johnson syndrome and / or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - heart problems can also occur during treatment with erleada . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or throat - peeling of the outer layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - feeling tired - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - infusion site reactions ( such as peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin ) - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin rash , which may be accompanied by blisters and peeling all over the body , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the lips , lips , tongue or throat - peeling of the outer layer of the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - redness of the skin - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of skin reactions such as blisters and peeling of the outer layer of the body ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). tell your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - itchy skin - peeling and peeling of the outer layer of the body ( see section " warnings and precautions " - toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - heart attack - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - severe swelling of the skin , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - infusion site reactions ( e . g . peeling of the body ) - blisters and peeling of the outer layer of the body ( see section " warnings and precautions " - toxic epidermal necrolysis - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - itchy skin - blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . the frequency of possible side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): pain at the site of injection . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): pain , pain , passing urine , passing more urine than usual or pain , rash , pain in passing urine , and decreased body temperature . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , altered passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , increased sensitivity to light , decreased vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , increased sensitivity to touch , pain , rash , decreased vision , decreased vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : increase in certain white blood cells . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , rapid pulse , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , gas in the stomach , fatigue , back pain , frequent urination , nightmare , memory impairment , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , abnormal thinking , nightmare , memory impairment or tremor , impaired vision , drowsiness , ringing in the ears , changes in heart rate , nose bleeds , cough , shortness of breath or asthma , collection of fluid in the lungs , diarrhoea , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , dry or blocked nose , itching , pain in extremity , hair loss , muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of taste , loss of taste . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in extremities , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of taste . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , urinary tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , leakage of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , fungal infections , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased sweating . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , fungal infections , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , leakage of fluid from the eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye irritation , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , urinary tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased frequency of urination , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased sweating . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , fungal infections , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased frequency of urination , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased sweating . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , fungal infections , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased frequency of urination , eye pain , feeling unwell , increased sweating . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , fungal infections , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , leakage of fluid from the eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in extremity , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , urinary tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , redness of the skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , thinning of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported side effect of forxiga is low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . low blood sugar may occur if you : experience low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common : low blood sugar , shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . low blood sugar : shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : thrush ( infection of your vein ) such as irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour ( pain ) back pain passing water water ( urine ) than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood ( shown in tests ) increases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , voice problems , stomach discomfort , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , high or low blood pressure , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , including rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , including rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , including rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or redness at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , sinus_congestion , difficulty sleeping , rapid heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , including rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , fast heartbeat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , including rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , frequent urination , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - blocked or blocked nose - discomfort or discomfort in the centre of your mouth and tongue or discomfort - dry mouth - acne - skin rash - hair loss or acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin rash , acne - skin redness , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin rash , acne - skin redness , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin rash , hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne - skin redness , acne - skin redness , skin redness , acne -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects if you notice any of the following , stop taking mvasi and tell your doctor 65 . - if you experience fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , chest pain which may be signs of an allergic reaction . - if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - difficulty breathing - feeling weak or energy - chills - shivering - shivering - feeling difficulty_swallowing - nausea or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - blood in the urine - faeces ( faeces ) - blood in your urine - bleeding from the vagina or under the skin - bleeding from the vagina - unusual laboratory test results on liver function - lesions_in_the_gums - like symptoms , such as a tingling or pain in your joints , or in the jaw , or other signs of symptoms . - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - sores ( sores ) in your stomach . - nausea ( feeling sick ) or constipation . these may be signs of a urinary tract infection called faeces . - your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . - difficulty breathing with chest pain - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or blood in the stool ( faeces ), dark urine or bleeding from your bowels - bleeding from your bowels or vagina , blood in your stools or symptoms . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or blood in the stool ( faeces ) - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) or bleeding in your brain . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or blood in the stool ( faeces ) - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) or bleeding in your brain . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal_pain abdominal pain - blood in the stool ( faeces ) - dark urine or bleeding from your bowels - bleeding from your bowels or vagina , blood in the urine or urine , black stools , or pain in your right side of your stomach area , or abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - sores ( sores ) in your stomach . - nausea ( feeling sick ) or constipation . these may be signs of a faeces ( faeces ) - which is a sign of a blood clot in the small blood vessels that can affect your kidneys ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or haemolytic uremic syndrome ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : difficulty breathing , chest pain - an allergic reaction - a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or abdominal_pain abdominal pain - blood in the stool ( faeces ) - dark urine or bleeding from your bowels - bleeding from the vagina or in the gut , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) or rupture of the spleen . - if you are being treated for
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . symptoms may include difficulty breathing , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , extreme weakness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and decreased consciousness which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms may include breathlessness , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and decreased levels of consciousness . these symptoms can be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your pain_in_the_chest and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - symptoms of an infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , and decreased consciousness which may be a sign of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and decreased consciousness . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and decreased consciousness . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - infections , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , extreme tiredness , sore throat , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and decreased consciousness . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : breathlessness , chills or extreme tiredness . these may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop taking januvia and see a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious allergic reaction : hives , rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after adding sitagliptin to metformin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness , stomach discomfort , stomach upset , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , flatulence 64 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) stomach discomfort , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , leakage of milk from the breasts in the leg , metformin or metformin , itching , rash , feeling of warmth in your muscles , dizziness , drowsiness , muscle pain and joint pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with insulin treatment ( may affect more than an_injection_of_glucagon in 10 , 000 people ) if you have low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat ; cool pale skin ; headache ; rapid heartbeat ; fast heartbeat ; sweating ; nausea and feeling sick ( nausea ); feeling drowsy ; your blood sugar will be high for a short period of time . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs or signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ) or feeling tired . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . if you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to a glucagon injection , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar : if you get any of the above signs : test your blood sugar level , test your urine for ketones if you can , then seek medical advice immediately . these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of giotrif alone are : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your severe_diarrhoea , as well as itching and rash , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and itching , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever and itching all over the whole body , peeling , swelling and / or pain have been reported . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infection of the lung ( pneumonia ) - infection of lung tissue - severe headache - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - fever - pain , redness , swelling , itching and itching - blood clot in a vein - unusual shortness of breath - fever - fever - mouth ulcers - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fever - herpes infection - low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - symptoms include pain , redness , swelling , peeling , swelling and / or pain in the arms and / or legs - a change in your sense of taste - a change in your mood or loss of taste - peeling and swelling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever - itching - blistering of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - swelling of the face and / or throat - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling , swelling and / or pain common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - low level of blood platelets ( thrombocytopenia ) - low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) - pain , redness , swelling and peeling , fever - decreased number of platelets in blood - a rash , fever , sore throat or tongue ulcers ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - peeling of the skin ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) - fever - itching - blistering of the skin - peeling of the skin - peeling of the skin - swelling of the face and / or throat - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash with shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ache , nausea and loss of appetite ( signs of liver problems ) such as yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes , liver injury and rash with other side effects with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness and / or pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of appetite , nausea , abdominal pain , stomach ( abdominal ) pain , increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes in the blood increased liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( nipple_changes ) ringing in the ears , ear discomfort changes in the way things taste increase in blood flow to the heart muscle , increase in blood levels of bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear congestion ) ringing in the ears , ear discomfort changes in the composition of the blood in the urine changes in blood test results for liver function ( shown in blood tests ) high level of blood fat ( cholesterol ) shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear congestion ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), liver enzyme increase in blood test results for a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood that may be detected during blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) high level of bilirubin in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear congestion ) increase in heart rate , increase in heart rate , increase in blood creatinine levels in the blood increase in blood fat ( shown in blood tests ) high level of blood fat ( shown in blood tests ) high level of bilirubin in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( ear congestion ) increase in heart rate , increase in heart rate , increase in blood creatinine levels in the blood increase in blood fat ( shown in blood tests ) high level of blood fat ( shown in blood tests ) high level of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) rash , abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning sensation ( including lens of the ear , oesophagus or ear ), liver problems , increase in blood creatinine levels in the blood changes in blood test results for liver function ( shown in blood tests ) high level of blood fat ( cholesterol ) shown in blood tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning or ear ear changes in the way things taste stomach pain , changes in the way things taste increase in blood flow to the heart not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) shown in blood tests abnormal blood test results related to the liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning or ear ear changes in the way things taste stomach pain , changes in the way things taste increase in blood flow to the heart muscle , increase in blood creatinine levels increase in blood test results for a liver enzyme called gamma - glutamyltransferase in the blood that may be detected during blood tests increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , raised levels of liver enzymes ( liver enzyme ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , spinning or ear ear changes in the way things taste stomach pain , changes in the way things taste increase in blood flow to the heart not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blood tests may show changes related to the function of your white blood cells shown in blood tests increase in white blood cell counts ( shown in blood tests ) high level of bilirubin in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of infection such as : - rapid breathing - feeling very thirsty - feeling very tired or having a fast heart beat - dizziness or diarrhoea - loss of appetite - these may be signs of a possible signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness or symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired , fast heart beat or dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired - fast heart beat - dizziness - symptoms of infection such as : - fever - feeling very tired
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching . symptoms may include swelling , fever , rapid breathing , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , and sweating . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , heart attack , slow heart rate , heart attack , sweating very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , slow heart beat , heart attack , slow heart beat , heart attack , sweating very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , slow heart beat , heart attack , slow heart beat , heart attack , slow heart beat , heart attack , or chest pain , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , heart attack or irregular heart beat , low blood pressure , heart attack , irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , blood clots , feeling sick , sweating , fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reaction with breathlessness chest pain swelling of the face or throat , chest pain swelling of the face and / or throat which may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure and difficulty breathing . swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat have been reported in patients receiving this medicine . skin rash other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling , and pain ) at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . bruising ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . injection reactions : if you have pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling , or pain at the infusion site . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction , including difficulty in breathing , chest pain or swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions "). this side effect is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if this happens , you must contact your doctor immediately . local reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 under " ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome "). this event is very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , redness , swelling , and pain ) at the site of injection hardening of the skin at the site ( injection site cellulitis ) ( see also section 2 under " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) - pain , including a swollen face , mouth , tongue or throat - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - hallucinations - fever - chills - abnormal muscle sensations - abnormal muscle sensations - changes in muscle tone or sleepiness - headache - dizziness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - very fast heartbeat - a fast heartbeat - a fast heartbeat - a general feeling of bodily discomfort , or if you notice any of the following signs or signs , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this may be a sign of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you get left abdominal pain , breathing difficulties , or swelling of your face , fever or other signs of severe allergic reactions ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and life - threatening allergic reactions . - blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of blood cells in your blood - pain or swelling in your legs , arms , legs or mouth - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - hallucinations - fever - chills - abnormal muscle sensations - abnormal muscle sensations - changes in muscle tone or sleepiness - headache - dizziness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - very fast heartbeat - a fast heartbeat - a fast heartbeat - a cough with breathing difficulties - swelling of the face - fever - severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . - liver problems ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - visual disturbances such as brain infection , brain infection , which can be life threatening . - sudden death of blood clots in the legs and / or lungs , resulting in flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , loss of vision , or other vision problems - a change in your mood or loss of vision . - bleeding in the brain . tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the side effects above . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in subcutaneous_tissue people ) - skin infection , including squamous cell carcinoma ( a type of skin cancer ), which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - growth of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . pain in the mouth , throat , eyes , hands , feet , hands , feet , ankles , or feet ) - itchy skin - confusion - hallucinations - fever - chills - uncontrolled movements of the skin - abnormal or change in taste - changes in sense of taste - sleepiness - headache - dizziness - dizziness - breathing difficulties - very fast heartbeat - severe breathing problems - fast or irregular heartbeat - fast or irregular heartbeat - breathing difficulties - severe breathing difficulties - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - itchy skin - red skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema multiforme ) rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 people - visual disturbances - loss of vision - bleeding in the eye ( optic neuritis ) - involuntary growth of walking ( optic neuritis ) - detachment of the eye ( optic neuritis ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( cardiomyopathy ) - loss of consciousness - disorder of the nerves of the eye - allergic reactions - allergic like reactions such as swollen face , tongue or pharynx - itchy skin , red or purple spots on the skin , red , scaly patches on the skin that is covered with red bumps , red area on the skin that is covered with red bumps , red area on the skin that is covered with red bumps , red area on the skin that is covered with red bumps on the skin that is covered with small red bumps - small bumps on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps - ulcer of the cornea of the eye - swelling of the eyelid and other parts of the body - swelling of the face and other parts of the body - itchy skin - red and swollen eyes - itchy skin - red or purple skin patches that may be accompanied by a flat , red area on the skin that is covered with red
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 mg / ml ( injection site pain and 7 ) at the injection site ( itching , swelling and warmth ) at the injection site ( itching ) and swelling at the injection site have been reported . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling , redness and / or pain where the injection is given itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection is given 17 than 39 . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling , warmth , redness and / or pain where the injection is given . these reactions are usually mild and only last a few days to a few weeks . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing - difficulty breathing - itching - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you develop a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate difficulty in breathing or swallowing . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - a severe allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of weakness , fatigue , sore throat and mouth ulcers - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you experience painful red or purplish rash that spreads and swelling and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - swelling in the mouth or jaw , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and throat , with difficulty breathing . - if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects - liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported as shown in blood tests : - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , breathlessness , blurred vision ( see section 2 ). - liver problems , which may be a sign of liver problems - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests ( signs of liver problems ) - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests ( signs of liver problems ) - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests ( signs of liver problems ) - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests which show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests ( signs of liver problems ) - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests which show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests which show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests which show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may be a sign of liver problems - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage which may be a sign of liver problems - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver blood tests which show an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , or an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you have any of the following : a severe breathing difficulties with breathing difficulties with wheezing or fever , chills or chills increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or painful palms of the throat or throat ( this may be a symptom of a serious infection of the mouth or throat ) blurred vision 37 if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue with breathing , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis , anaphylaxis ). you should immediately contact your doctor if you develop any of the following early symptoms of a severe allergic reaction : if you develop a severe allergic reaction , including itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ), as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if you notice a severe allergic reaction , stop your treatment and tell your doctor or nurse straight away . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising at the injection site feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or itching where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , or bruising at the injection site flu - like symptoms , such as fever and sore throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , bruising , skin infection , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , bruising , skin infection , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , bruising , skin infection , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , bruising , skin infection , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , bruising , skin infection , flu - like symptoms , fever , sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring , generalised dizziness . rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , vision loss dilated pupils , cross eyes cold sweat , tightness of the throat , swollen tongue . inflammation of the pancreas . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . difficulty in swallowing . slow or reduced movement of the eyes . fluid in the lungs . convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . interrupted menstrual periods . kidney failure , reduced urine volume , urinary retention . decrease in white blood cell count . inappropriate behaviour . allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and fever ). loss of consciousness has occurred . if you experience loss of consciousness , stop taking pregabalin_pfizer and talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been experienced very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), headache , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : as you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking xadago and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of a blood clot in your brain or a tear in your urine . this is a uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people . the signs may include large - scale pain , pneumonia , hallucinations , mood swings , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , unusual taste of clumsiness , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , changes in behaviour , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , changes in mood or behaviour , confusion or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most frequently occurring side effects are described below : hypertension ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - blood tests may show an increase in a specific class of white blood cells ; high blood levels of uric acid ; - high blood levels of uric acid ; - low blood levels of 31 ; 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased appetite ; - flu like symptoms ; - skin cancer , such as jaundice , hallucinations ; - memory impairment , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , loss of memory , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , - mood swings , - confusion , - fits , which may cause loss of consciousness , - clumsiness , - memory problems , - confusion , - fits , - confusion , - muscle stiffness , - weakness or collapse . these could be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and needs urgent medical attention . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , stomach pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps or weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness , weakness or collapse . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during treatment with this medicine . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a change in your health or behaviour . - if you are worried about any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( including heart_failure and sepsis ) have been reported with zytiga . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): severe infections ( including sepsis and sepsis ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing , or a drop in blood pressure and type of rash . rash . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : signs of heart problems such as : shock , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath with exertion or upon lying down or lying down or less bowel than a day , feeling tired or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal sense of taste - difficulty or pain when urinating - dry mouth - itching - itchy rash ( bruising ) - itchy skin - bruising - tingling of the hands or feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - increased sweating - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - oedema - decrease in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding - paleness side effects with adalimumab may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - dry mouth - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles - itching - itchy skin - bruising - tingling of the hands or feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - increased sweating - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - this is known as side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - dry mouth - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles - itching - itchy skin - bruising - tingling of the hands or feet ( palmar plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - increased sweating - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - oedema - decrease in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - this is known as side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - abdominal ( belly ) pain - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - heart_burn - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal dreams - abnormal dreams - dry mouth - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles - itching - itchy skin - bruising - abnormal or change in the colour of your nails - increased sweating
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction to the infusion , which can be life - threatening . if you develop any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever - signs of infection such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , swollen tongue , itchy or runny nose - vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach or intestines , feeling drowsy , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - weight_loss_hives ( flatulence ) - feeling weak ( asthenia ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - increased sweating - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( tight_muscles ) - night sweats - constipation - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - excess wind ( flatulence ) - increased sweating - raised itchy bumps on the body ( e . g . tight_muscles ) - alteration in sense of taste ( dysgeusia ) - joint_or_muscle_pain - shivering - fluid retention ( oedema ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production , increase of red blood cell production , decrease of red blood cell production , increase in red blood cell production , increase of certain white blood cells , decrease of platelets ( cells that help the blood to clot ) - partial loss of interest , calcium in the urine , loss of sexual desire - problems with sexual functioning including inability to achieve your bladder ( dysuria ) - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - asthma - build - up of fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) - abnormal blood test results related to the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - failure of the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - failure of the blood vessels in the skin ( veno - occlusive disease ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) - penile bleeding ( haemorrhage ) - presence of blood in the urine very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells , haemolytic vasculitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ). very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells , haemolytic vasculitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) - elevated cell carcinoma ( a type of white cell ) in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ) - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells , haemolytic vasculitis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) - elevated cell carcinoma ( a type of white cell ) in the blood not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells ( pure red cell aplasia ) - cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : chills , serious infection ( which may lead to a collection of blood clots in the lungs ), which may be associated with passing water less frequently , pain in the chest , vomiting , vomit , nausea and feeling sick ( stomatitis ), if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your hand and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience bacteria localised swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of bacteria caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . signs of infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( feeling of unsteadiness ), weak and / or being sick ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness runny or stuffy nose reduced appetite weakness uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning "), is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . difficulty in urination , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , abdominal discomfort , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug swelling , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or bleeding ) or bleeding . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor will monitor your condition with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common ( more than 1 in 10 patients ) inhibitor antibodies for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site at the injection site ( at least 150 ) may occur ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) in patients who have received previous treatment . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been reported with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ) - uncontrolled fever ; - confusion , - seizures ( convulsions ), - fever ; - chills ; - severe tiredness ; - severe shivering ; - nausea and vomiting ; - difficulty in passing stools or abdominal pain ; - fever ; - abnormal liver function tests . - itching , rash ; - skin_swelling , yellow skin ; - swelling of your hands , feet or feet ; - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ); - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - swelling of your hands , feet or ankles ; - sudden loss of consciousness ; - fever ; - shivering ; - shivering ; - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; - nausea and vomiting ; - difficulty passing urine or abdominal pain ; - fever ; - abnormal liver function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood ; a decrease in the number of skin and white blood cells and platelets in your blood ; - a decrease in the number of skin and white blood cells and / or a decrease in the number of red blood cells ; which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " immunoglobulins " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately . - symptoms include : - pain - loss of appetite - nausea , vomiting - difficulty passing stools - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( inability to sleep ) - abdominal pain - fever - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . itching , rash , skin_swelling ) - yellow skin or eyes ( jaundice ) - severe localised loss of appetite - nausea ( vomiting ) - difficulty passing stools - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( memory impairment ) - abdominal pain - fever - abnormal liver function tests ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - reduction in the number of all blood cells , your doctor will monitor your blood regularly and monitor the function of your treatment . - if you have chronic hepatitis b or c infection , your doctor may check your blood levels of glucose and / or urine tests and your doctor will monitor your blood regularly regularly during treatment . - if you have stopped taking medicines , you may experience some of the following reactions : - pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , confusion , seizures ( fits ), memory loss , abdominal pain , fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - yellow skin or eyes , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - severe pain in the abdomen . - swelling of your hands , soles of your feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of a blood clot : - bleeding , such as bleeding , pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , severe tiredness or confusion , seizures , memory impairment or abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - yellow skin or eyes , - swelling of the limbs , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or shivering , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with or without nausea and / or skin_swelling , as these may indicate problems with your liver ( hepatic failure ). - swelling of the hands , feet or feet ( peripheral oedema ). - if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get any of the following symptoms : - fever , or shivering , or shivering , - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with or without nausea and / or skin_swelling , as these may indicate problems with your liver (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , hives , swelling_of_the_face swelling of the face , throat or throat difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness and feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , stomach ache , reflux of eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , fast or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux or blurred vision , eye_pain eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , fainting or high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , and rashes , including red or purple spots on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating . - hives , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating . - hives , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating . - hives , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating . - if you experience sudden loss of consciousness , stop using cialis and tell your doctor immediately . - sudden loss of consciousness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - stomach ache - being sick ( vomiting ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - stomach ache - diarrhoea - indigestion - nitrates - dizziness - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - nose bleeds - nasal congestion - indigestion - diarrhoea - stomach ache - sick - vomiting - reflux of reflux of the lens - blurred vision - eye_pain - rashes - red raised patches of the skin and / or whites of the eyes - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives ( itchy patches of the skin ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives ( itchy patches on the skin ) - penile bleeding - presence of blood in urine , increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - presence of blood in urine - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) muscle spasm - painful passing urine urine - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) muscle spasm - painful passing urine urine - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin - raised and itchy rash ( erythema ) - abnormal blood tests - increased sweating - hives - itchy skin -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of enyglid is hypoglycaemia ( see " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital symptoms , as soon as possible . if you get a rash , swelling , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - your doctor will check your blood tests to check your liver function - hypersensitivity ( rash ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( see above ) - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - acute posterior leukoencephalopathy syndrome ( dress ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal urine tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal blood tests for liver function - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pneumonia ( anaphylactic reaction ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal blood tests which show changes in the way the liver is working - hypersensitivity ( severe allergic reaction ) - anaphylactic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - swelling of face and throat ( angioedema ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pneumonia ( anaphylactic reaction ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin - abnormal urine tests - increase in liver enzymes - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions ( hypersensitivity ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - pneumonia ( anaphylactic reaction ) - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas ( sinusitis ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) - itchy skin - rash - visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling dizzy - inflammation of the pancreas - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin - abnormal blood tests which show how well your liver is working - hypersensitivity ( severe allergic reaction ) - anaphylactic shock ( anaphylactic shock ) or anaphylactic shock ( hypersensitivity ) very rare ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) which can be a sign of low levels of blood platelets , chest pain or shortness of breath or pale , shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , rapid pulse , fever , chills or shivering . these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , which may be life - threatening , or easy bruising . your doctor may give you a medicine to control your blood cell counts regularly . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as : swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may be symptoms of a urinary tract infection . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as : - swelling and / or a drop in blood pressure on standing up ( tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling or swelling in your legs tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia and you have blood in your urine , tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - if you are being treated for severe symptoms , you may be having symptoms of blood clots , such as : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any signs of an infection such as : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - if you are being treated for severe symptoms , you may be having symptoms of blood clots , such as : - pain or swelling in your legs or arms or legs tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any of these symptoms , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling or infection in your arms and legs , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - low blood levels of phosphorus , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , heartbeat , heartbeat , seizures , and / or seizures , which are signs of a condition called low levels of a type of white blood cell ( phosphorus ) which can make you more prone to bleeding , high uric acid levels in the blood , abnormal kidney function , heartbeat , and / or seizures , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood , - heartbeat , which may be a sign of a serious condition called low levels of potassium in the blood ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( low blood pressure ) runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , loss of muscle coordination , muscle twitching . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , palpitations , decreased heart rate , increased sweating , ringing in the ears , ear discomfort , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , runny nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , abnormal liver function , skin rash , itching , generalised sensitivity , difficulty breathing , difficulty in passing urine , inability to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine , needing to pass urine during the night , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow , pain , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs , ankles or feet , fluid retention , swollen ankles , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in mouth , throat pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in mouth , throat pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal sense of taste , abnormal sensation in mouth , throat pain , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased or fluctuating blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling in legs , ankles or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood tests , increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling of legs or feet , fluid retention , fluid retention in the chest , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased or fluctuating blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling in legs , ankles or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function , abnormal blood tests , increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling of legs or feet , fluid retention , fluid retention in the chest , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased or fluctuating blood pressure , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling in legs , ankles or feet , fluid in the lungs , nose bleeds , sneezing , asthma
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fever or chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , bleeding , pain , discomfort , redness of the skin , itchy rash , thickening of the skin , thickening of the skin , thickening of the outer layer of the body , which may be a sign of a life - threatening allergic reaction . bleeding , redness of the skin and rash have been reported . side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ) ( including runny nose , rhinorrhoea , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset , anorexia , heartburn , constipation , dry skin , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension and / or muscle pain ( possible signs of low blood platelet counts ). bleeding or redness at the site of injection . rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching ( erythema ), erythema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension and / or muscle pain ( possible signs of possible signs of low blood platelet counts ). bleeding , redness or itching of the skin . rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle tension and / or muscle pain ( possible signs of possible signs of low blood platelet counts ). bleeding , redness or itching of the skin . rash . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching ( erythema ), erythema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), infection of the sinuses , sinusitis , cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching ( erythema ), erythema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching ( erythema ), erythema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain ( arthralgia ), back pain , increased muscle enzymes in the blood . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ), inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ), cough , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin , rash , itching ( erythema ), erythema ( swelling of the skin ), erythema
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with or without wheezing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , please inform your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) if your blood pressure is usually normal , low or low blood pressure . copd may cause cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to a decrease in the number of copd in the blood , cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness , fainting , decreased levels of consciousness , feeling sleepy or confusion , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased level of consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye : increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased level of consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye : increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye : increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye : increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye : increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased level of consciousness , feeling anxious , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle twitching , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , rapid breathing , confusion , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status , faintness , inability to concentrate , faintness or muscle stiffness , increased eye pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the eye , increased blood pressure , asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , asthma , decreased consciousness , faintness , changes in mental status or faintness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) which can be a sign of low levels of blood platelets , chest pain or shortness of breath or pale , nosebleeds , nosebleeds - like symptoms , runny nose , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach ( gut ) being sick ( vomiting ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ), feeling tired ( fatigue ), itchy itching ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , and / or swelling ( including pain ) at the injection site ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , joint swelling , pain , swelling , and swelling at the infusion site ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , pain , swelling , and swelling at the infusion site ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint pain , joint pain , pain , swelling , swelling , and / or muscle pain , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , swelling , a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , pain , swelling , and swelling at the infusion site ( urticaria ), itching , muscle aches , joint aches , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , pain , swelling , and / or muscle pain , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , swelling and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , and redness of the skin ) have trouble sleeping , muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , and a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling , injection site pain , injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , a hard lump ) muscle cramp , joint pain , joint swelling ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) feeling sick ( nausea ) constipation diarrhoea pain in the stomach or abdomen stomach pain , joint pain decreased urine production 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain , feeling sick stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , abdominal pain , joint pain , decreased urine production 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestines stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or intestine , difficulty swallowing stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , migraine 34 - up of fluid in the lungs , difficulty swallowing abdominal pain , joint pain 34 - dizziness , enlargement of the stomach or mouth , difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , acid reflux , joint pain , 34 dizziness , dizziness 34 - palpitations , abnormal taste , joint pain , joint pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , frequent or frequent urination , dizziness 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - difficulty swallowing , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste , abdominal pain , joint pain , joint pain , 34 - dizziness , - bloating_(abdominal_distension ( seizures ), - palpitations ( irregular or irregular heartbeat ) - joint pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach , - inflammation of the stomach , - inflammation of the stomach , - inflammation of the stomach , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - obstruction of the intestine , - inflammation of the stomach , - reflux of stomach juices in stomach , stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , pain in the stomach , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - inflammation of the stomach , acid reflux , abdominal pain , abdominal pain , abdominal pain - common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - inflammation of the stomach or intestine , abnormal taste - joint pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting - inflammation of the stomach , abnormal taste - joint pain , joint pain , joint pain , 34 - dizziness - - bloating_(abdominal_distension ( seizures ), - palpitations ( irregular or irregular heartbeat ) - joint pain , abdominal pain - abdominal pain , abdominal pain , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth , - stomach ulcer , - inflammation of the stomach or mouth ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of weakness or weakness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the lungs , and / or the lungs , - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , fatigue and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - low level of magnesium , potassium , magnesium in the blood , and weight increase . - weight increase . - sleepiness . - anxiety . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel feel unwell , feel feel unwell or feel unwell . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in varuby appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel feel unwell , feel feel unwell or feel unwell . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in varuby appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) oral thrush ( candidiasis ) mouth or throat problems with your eyes ( thrush ) or a feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or muscle pain , muscle spasm , fever , bone pain , bone pain , fever , itching , rash , muscle pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in arms or legs , pain , itching , rash , muscle pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain or pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), dry mouth , high or low blood pressure , skin rash , difficulty in breathing , swollen tongue , tongue or jaw ( signs of cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; skin_allergy ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); decrease in blood pressure ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you get any of the following , stop taking delstrigo and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could be serious if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache feeling dizzy feeling sleepy feeling sleepy feeling sleepy feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , sleepy , fast muscle contractions , tingling or numbness of the eyes abnormal muscle sensations , such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy feeling dizzy or sleepy dry mouth difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and needles dry mouth difficulty or problems in sleeping problems with balance feeling of tingling or pricking in the hands or feet feeling of tingling or numbness in the hands or feet feeling vertigo muscle problems such as : tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth ringing in the ears , feeling nervous , problems with your muscle , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) dry mouth difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and needles or tingling sensation in the hands and feet feeling dizzy or sleepy dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations or sensation of tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) dry mouth difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and needles or tingling sensation in the hands and feet feeling dizzy or sleepy dry mouth increased muscle tension ( hypertonia ) abnormal muscle sensations such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) feeling dizzy or sleepy dry mouth , increased muscle tension or tension ( hypertonia ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or tired dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations such as abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or tired dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations such as abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or tired dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations such as abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or tired dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations such as abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy or tired dry mouth abnormal muscle sensations such as abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tingling or numbness of the hands or feet dry mouth stomach discomfort or vertigo dry mouth decreased muscle tone or tension ( hypertonia ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) vertigo feeling dizzy feeling sleepy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of allergic reactions ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms include : - skin_rash - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - pain , loss of strength , redness , itching - rash - muscle pain , muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) - increase of liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - feeling tired - abnormal blood tests of liver function ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - being sick ( vomiting ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or tongue - chills - fever - chills - muscle pain - muscle weakness - muscle weakness - blood liver enzymes ( ggt ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - indigestion - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering and / or peeling of the skin - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - chills - feeling tired - abnormal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking iscover . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; breathing difficulties  cough ; cough ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; allergic reaction ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , dizziness , increased sexual drive , palpitations , extreme tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , mouth rash , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , pain in your arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , or swelling of the extremities , feeling of weakness or feeling of heaviness in your urine , or swelling of your feet , arms or legs . - if you experience general feeling of being unwell , nausea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , rash , itching , hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - respiratory tract infections , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , respiratory tract infection , fungal infections , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , nightmares , depression , tremor , loss of taste , dry eye , abnormal pupil sounds , increased pupil size , - kidney impairment , painful swelling of the extremities , joint pain , pain in the extremities , feeling of weakness , feeling unwell , frequent urination , high blood pressure , reduced function of your kidneys , - loss of taste , - decreased urine flow , - decreased or increased skin sensitivity , - loss of weight , - decreased urine flow , - decreased or increased skin sensitivity , - loss of weight , weight loss , decreased urine output , - decreased or decreased urine production , - decreased or decreased urine production , - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased urine output - decreased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( e . g . weakness , breathlessness , shortness of breath , and chest pain ) - blood clots in your veins ( 0.5 ) - 0.5 - produced by your doctor . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for a short time of time . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your frequency may be reduced by your doctor . - your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . other side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - a slight decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat - high fever - high fever - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing - chest pain - this can be a sign of spleen rupture - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the hospital staff may monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . between infusions of docetaxel mylan the following may occur , and the frequency may vary with the combinations of medicines that are received : - reduction in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat - high or high blood pressure - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing - chest pain - this may be a sign of spleen problems . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : - decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - with or without fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat - high or high blood pressure - cough - wheezing - difficulty breathing - chest pain - this can be a sign of spleen rupture - if you notice any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with miglustat dipharma . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any of the side effects gets severe or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). - symptoms include : o yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of blood tests to check that may indicate a fever . - cough . - cough . - difficulties in breathing . - heart failure . - difficulty in breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - dizziness - feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increased levels of a liver enzyme in the blood ( tiredness ) - numbness , pain and itching - pain in the joints - vomiting - sleepiness - abnormal blood test results - diarrhoea - tiredness - numbness - pain and itching - itching ( pruritus ) - vomiting - sleepiness - numbness or pain - itching ( pruritus ) - vomiting - increase in the amount of a type of white blood cells ( pancreatitis ) - diarrhoea - tiredness - dizziness - numbness or pain - itching ( pruritus ) - vomiting - increase in blood pressure ( pancreatitis ) - pancreatitis ( pancreatitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - infections - decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection - decrease in the number of white blood cells or platelets - symptoms include : yellowing of the skin and / or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), - itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), - increased pressure in the stomach , - vomiting , - sleepiness , - abnormal blood test results : - diarrhoea , - numbness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , - increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , - tiredness , - dizziness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , - increase in the amount of some liver enzymes ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in the number of white blood cells or platelets - a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), - itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), - an increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , - tiredness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , - vomiting , - sleepiness , - increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , - tiredness , - dizziness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , - increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , - tiredness , - dizziness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , - increase in the amount of some white blood cells ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells or fever . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . - decrease in white blood cells which can make you more prone to infections and may be life - threatening . - signs of which may include yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), - itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), - an increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , - tiredness , - numbness , pain or itching , - itching of the skin , - vomiting , - sleepiness , - increase in blood pressure , - diarrhoea , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , itching , rash , generalised rash , hives , swelling , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , or sudden drop in blood pressure and feeling of faintness . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , constipation , rash , red skin , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , pain , bruising , swelling , itching or bruising injection site injection site reactions ( such as injection site pain , itching , injection site reactions uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , vertigo , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , low blood pressure , difficulty in breathing or immediately , as this may be a sign of low blood pressure . other side effects talk to your doctor if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure contact a doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever low blood pressure tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache nausea ( feeling sick ) constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , abdominal pain , aching or distended stomach ( abdomen ) pain , thinning , itching , dry skin , dry skin , joint pain , dry skin , itching , dry skin , joint pain , flu - like symptoms , fatigue , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like symptoms , flu - like symptoms ,
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience an allergic reaction , stop using this_vaccine and talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction : hives , rash , swelling , pain , tenderness , swelling and redness . these reactions can sometimes be serious . these reactions may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , difficulty in passing stools , skin reactions ( redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , and redness ) reactions at the infusion site , such as swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . these reactions can be serious , including fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions can sometimes be severe , including fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , or bruising . these reactions might be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . these reactions might be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . these reactions might be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . these reactions might be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling and bruising . these reactions might be more likely to get an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , pain , soreness , swelling and / or pain at the infusion site , fever , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_eyelids swelling of the eyelids , face or lips , rash or itching ( especially affecting your muscles ). these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , hair loss , rash , itching or itching of your skin . these may be signs of a condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash or itching . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your body . fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your body . symptoms include : fever , sore throat or breathing difficulties , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called vaginal_discharge ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening . fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called vaginal_discharge ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as : fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this medicine may increase the chance of a severe infection which may be life - threatening . fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , dry skin , rash , itching or itching of the skin . tell your doctor immediately if you get any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of a serious condition called vaginal_discharge ( build - up of fluid in the tissue in the body ). if you notice any symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or breathing problems , as this may be a sign of acute respiratory distress
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular heart beat ( hyperglycaemia ) high or low blood pressure ( hypertension that may be a sign of a sudden drop or loss of vision ) hunger ( acute pancreatitis ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high temperature of the heart ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high blood pressure ) excessive hunger , hunger or other signs of hunger ( pneumonia ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , known as excessive hunger ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : - fever - chills - shivering - nausea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - pain_in_the_stomach ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the abdomen ( irritation ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in your stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - throwing up ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - loss of appetite - weight loss ( alopecia ) - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - increased sweating - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( erythema ) - joint pain or muscle pain - neck or neck pain - general feeling of being unwell , feeling_uneasy_or_tired , shivering , or shivering - fluid retention uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - blood clotting problems , decrease of red blood cell production , increase of red blood cell production , increase of red blood cell production and increase of red blood cell destruction ( aplastic haemolytic anaemia ) - failure of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) - loss of body fluids ( dehydration ) - loss of too much fluid from your body ( pleural effusion ) - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - asthma - build - up of fluid in the lungs ( pleural effusion ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( scarring of the air sacs of the lung ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - skin_symptoms - severe bone marrow cancer that can be life - threatening , - life - threatening skin condition that can be life - threatening ( anaphylactic shock ) - skin_symptoms - severe skin disease that causes severe target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by skin_symptoms ( angioedema ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - cancer of the bone marrow - graft versus host disease - inflammation of blood vessels , often with a high temperature - skin_symptoms enlarged lymph nodes - skin_symptoms cancer of the immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) - skin_symptoms - severe skin condition that causes severe target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by skin_symptoms and swelling in the mouth , eyes and other parts of the body . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the lymphatic system ( lacrimal duct stenosis ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells , which can appear as reddish target - like or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by skin_symptoms and target - barr syndrome . - inflamed pancreas . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - cancer of the bone marrow to produce crucial red blood cells , which can appear as small red or purple dots ( thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura ) - breakdown of red blood cells associated with inflammation ( macrophage activation syndrome ) - hepatitis b infection if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor immediately ( see also section 2 ): - if you experience difficulty in breathing , breathing difficulties , cough , breathing difficulties , itchy skin or hives ( signs of very serious allergic reaction ) - fast breathing - cough - severe itching of the skin , with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure - dizziness - itchy rash - hives - difficulty breathing - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . sore throat , cough , severe itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness - itchy skin - hives - difficulty breathing - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . sore throat , cough , severe itchy rash , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe tiredness , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). - if you experience symptoms such as loss of appetite , weight loss , or loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness , weakness or hands of the hands and feet ( symptoms of hand - foot syndrome ). - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get fever , difficulty breathing , severe shortness of breath or if you notice any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with topotecan_actavis . - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness - itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing , severe allergic reaction , which may be life - threatening . - nausea and vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). - if you experience symptoms such as loss of appetite , weight loss , and loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness , weakness or hands of the palms of your hands or feet as this may be a sign of lung problems ( see also " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - fever and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with topotecan_actavis . - allergic ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( e . g . rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or severe breathing problems , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ). other symptoms may be reduced by your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : - fever or acute loss of consciousness . - weight loss . - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness ( weakness ) - hands and feet . - feet and weakness of the hands and feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or lung ). symptoms include cough , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , high blood pressure and feeling of fullness , feeling confused . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene , a serious soft tissue infection of the skin or mucosa ( angioedema ) contraction of the jaw muscle abnormal urine odour menopausal symptoms , abnormal production of breast milk in men or women excessive vaginal bleeding shortly after birth ( postpartum haemorrhage ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or confused , confused , difficulty in speaking , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach or bowel , constipation , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , throat or throat , increased sweating , dry mouth , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), diarrhoea , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) are : swollen face , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , swollen tongue or throat , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , swollen tongue or throat , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ), excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat ; excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat ; excessive sweating ; hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the tendons , pain in the joints ; weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the tongue or throat ; excessive sweating ; dry mouth , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the eyes ; excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the eyes ; excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), skin discolouration . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the eyes ; excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ; inflammation of the tendons ; weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people )  inflammation of the colon ; excessive sweating ; dry mouth ; hair loss ; thinning of the mouth ; dry mouth ; hair loss ; thinning of the mouth ; pain in the joints ; weight gain ; tiredness ; feeling weak ; dry mouth ; hair loss ; blood tests showing that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause allergic reactions , burning and stinging of the skin ( angioedema ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) shortness of breath may occur . if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , nightmare , dizziness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , watery eyes , watery eyes , watery eyes or mouth sores on the eye , cornea or inflammation of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face with or without difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you notice a marked decrease in your urine output ( sign of very rare , may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a feeling of weakness or feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) this occurs uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a feeling of weakness or feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild allergic reactions ( e . g . redness , blisters and / or blisters on the skin ) have also been reported . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - mild tiredness ( dehydration ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - vomiting ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - dry mouth - hair loss ( alopecia ) - rash ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - general feeling of being unwell ( died of the lens of the eye ( cornea ) - blood in the urine - bruising ( haematoma ) - changes in the colour of the skin ( cornea ) - blood in the urine - bruising ( haematoma ) - abnormal blood test results for kidney function - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - liver failure - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , eyes or eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , eyes or eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction with symptoms such as difficulty breathing , redness or blisters on the skin this is very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred vision , fainting , which may be a sign of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . symptoms of pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning , burning pain or burning , headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick ( affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of energy at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms injection site reactions . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the injection site . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms injection site reactions . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): loss of energy at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) loss of weight reactions at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) loss of water at the site of injection . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever pain at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of sore_throat or sore throat , coughing or difficult heartbeat , as these may be symptoms of a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : - confusion , or confused , or mood swings , as these may be symptoms of a serious increase in blood pressure . - this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people - disorientated ( very common ) - blocked or blocked nose - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach ache - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn - discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - tiredness - paleness - feeling anxious , confused or vertigo - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the abdomen ( vertigo ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or paleness - these symptoms may be signs of a low blood pressure ( vertigo ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and / or discomfort - flatulence - severe stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - pain - chills - tiredness - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious , confused or vertigo - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe stomach pain - fever - chills - tiredness - paleness - if you are being treated for symptoms such as tiredness and paleness - reduced blood pressure ( symptoms may be signs of heart failure or shortness of breath ) - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - coughing up blood very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach sore or sore throat - indigestion or heartburn - constipation - inflammation of the mouth - dry mouth - heartburn - discomfort - flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness - tiredness - paleness - feeling anxious , confused - vertigo - a spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort - flatulence - severe pain in the abdomen ( vertigo ) - dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or paleness - these symptoms may be signs of a low blood pressure ( vertigo ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and / or discomfort - flatulence - severe stomach pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - pain - chills - tiredness - tiredness - paleness - dizziness , lethargy - confusion - feeling anxious , confused - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( confused ) - vertigo - a spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - heartburn and discomfort -
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . serious side effects : tell a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect that can be life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in treatment , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if you notice any of the following symptoms : - muscle weakness - weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , or palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a serious condition called lactic acidosis ( overweight ). - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). - stomach weakness - stomach ( abdominal ) pain , discomfort or pain in the joints or muscles ( fractures ). - muscle pain , muscle weakness or decreases in urine output . - if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your body ' s immune system . - if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling of the face , hands and feet ; diabetes ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; itching ; rash ; diabetes ; slow heart rate ; a sac in the wall of your intestine ; chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or lips ( common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - muscle pain or spasms - numbness , pain , swelling , redness or leg of the leg ( sciatica ) - respiratory tract infection , such as pain or discomfort in the centre of the leg ( including pain or discomfort at the site of the leg ( sciatica ) - fungal infection ( including pain or discomfort at the site of the leg ( sciatica ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain , spasms , numbness , pain , swelling , redness or leg of the fingers and toes ( sciatica ) - respiratory tract infection , pain or discomfort in the back of the leg ( including pain or discomfort in the leg ( sciatica ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - pain or discomfort in the centre of the leg ( sciatica ) - fluid retention ( oedema ) - pain or discomfort in your joints ( sciatica ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ) - swelling of the inside of the leg , sciatica ( a feeling of pins and needles ) - inflammation of the lining of the heart ( sciatica ) - problems with your nerves ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ) - swelling of the inside of the nose , sciatica , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth - these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with prolia and after stopping treatment . - enlargement of the intestines ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), - swelling of the inside of the nose , sciatica , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( sciatica ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with prolia . - enlargement of the bones ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), - swelling of the inside of the nose , sciatica , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( sciatica ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with anti - treatment and / or stopping stopping treatment . - peripheral fibrosis ( scarring of the eye ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), - swelling of the inside of the nose , sciatica , a feeling of fullness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( sciatica ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with anti - treatment and after stopping treatment . - injury to your doctor if you have any of these symptoms . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), - swelling of the inside of the nose , sciatica , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( sciatica ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with anti - treatment and / or
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of ambirix . your doctor may give you another medicine to control bleeding which may result in low blood pressure . the signs of serious side effects : very common : feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , tired , chills , sore throat , cough , fever , sore throat or cough , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe fever , tired or loss of consciousness . these signs may be signs of a possible severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of bruising ), or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), reduction in the number of red blood cells or in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , the number of vaccine may increase the risk of pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of bruising ), or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your immune system becomes stronger , meningitis , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough and severe breathing difficulties . if you experience a cough , tired or loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . meningitis , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing problems , tired or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people reactions at the injection site , including pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising and thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), reduction in the number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . reduction in the number of certain types of blood cells called " platelets " in your blood ( which help protect against infection ) sometimes with meningitis fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough and severe breathing difficulties . common : severe infection of the skin and mucous membranes such as cough , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising , thrombocytopenia ( reduced number of red blood cells ), reduced number of platelets in the blood that may increase the risk of blood clots in the blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will monitor the number of white blood cells and platelets at the end of vaccine . meningitis , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing difficulties . severe breathing problems such as cough , severe breathing problems , which may be severe and could be life - threatening . other side effects include those listed below . if any of these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising and thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), reduction in the number of red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . reduction in the number of certain types of blood cells called " platelets " in your blood ( which help protect against vaccine ) meningitis , fever , sore throat , runny nose , cough , severe breathing difficulties , cough , severe tiredness with or without cough , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , sore throat or runny nose , cough , severe breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , bleeding , bruising , bleeding , bruising and thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), reduction in the number of red blood cells
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience symptoms of allergic reactions , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_skin swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe symptoms , itchy rash , blisters , peeling of the skin on your skin 2 . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including inflammation of the fingers , fingers or hands ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( high temperature , high blood pressure , rash , fever , paleness if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a rash , fainting , changes in breathing or swallowing , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fainting , feeling faint , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . fits , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor immediately if you experience nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and loss of appetite . these symptoms may be signs of severely elevated blood pressure , coughing , wheezing or chest tightness . these could be symptoms of a condition called " sepsis " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your wheezing and needs urgent medical attention . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including inflammation of the fingers , fingers or hands ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): symptoms of allergic reactions high blood pressure , high or low blood pressure , rash , fever , paleness if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you get a rash , fainting , changes in breathing or swallowing , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) unusual lung disease , which causes bleeding from the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ), seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( frequency unknown ). interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium and magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium and magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , 65 - early symptoms , fainting , fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea and abdominal pain ) swelling of the legs , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) frequency not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data form of bleeding in the brain due to swelling of the retina of the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia and ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , 65 - early symptoms , fainting , fainting , weakness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or abdominal pain ) discomfort in the muscles or in the extremities ( oedema peripheral ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ( cutaneous vasculitis ) plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and magnesium with a fever ( sweets syndrome ) worsening of rheumatoid arthritis unusual change in the urine bone density decreased inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body to the body
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms of rash , chest pain or discomfort , headache , or chest pain or discomfort , headache , in combination with treatment and treatment , high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) are common in children . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , rash , headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , low blood pressure , diarrhoea , hypotension ( low blood pressure , feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , feeling generally unwell or malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , stomach pain , rash , feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , anxiety , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) feeling dizzy , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea , feeling faint , high blood pressure , diarrhoea ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis , rash , low blood pressure and difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or coughing , pruritis , rash , itching or pruritis ( pruritis ), difficulty breathing , wheezing or coughing , low blood pressure , disorder that can be life - threatening . serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the lungs ( pneumonia ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives , hives - 29 - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood platelets , high blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood phosphorus , low blood phosphorus - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives - pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood sugar , high blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar - - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives - pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following early symptoms of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing or swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms , such as one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , dizziness and difficulty breathing . these may be signs of ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome . serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following serious side effects . side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , swelling of the tongue and / or neck , discomfort , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , nervous system disorders , such as tendon discomfort , weight gain , drowsiness ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - diarrhoea ( fatigue ) - nausea ( diarrhoea ) - vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - drowsiness - dizziness - breast_complaints - breast loss ( drowsiness ) - dizziness - tiredness ( fatigue ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or discomfort ( peripheral oedema ) - nausea - diarrhoea - vomiting - drowsiness - dizziness - generalised swelling ( oedema ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting ( feeling sick ) - weight gain - weight gain - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - fatigue) ( tremor ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting - weight loss - weight gain - drowsiness ( tremor ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - headache - dizziness - drowsiness ( fatigue ) - drowsiness ( tremor ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - vomiting -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , stomach pain , upper respiratory tract infection , feeling your heart beat ( signs of a high level of potassium in the blood ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) headache , stomach pain , change in your sense of taste . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal ( allergic ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) heart attack ( tachycardia pectoris ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop lactic acidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect of lactic acidosis . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : drowsiness , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or discomfort , discomfort or bone pain , muscle weakness , or a decrease in blood pressure which could be a sign of kidney problems . talk to your doctor about the signs and symptoms of liver problems . these may include : drowsiness , chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach or discomfort , discomfort or bone pain , muscle weakness , or a change in your mood or loss of taste . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). swelling , redness , and difficulty breathing ( see section 4 " warnings and precautions ') if this happens you must stop taking orgalutran and talk to your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . nausea ( abdominal pain ) other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache abdominal pain nausea uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) nausea ( abdominal pain ) if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop the following symptoms : fever , chills , shivering , nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach or bowels , feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( irritation ), feeling or being sick ( nausea or constipation ), pain in the stomach ( irritation ), feeling or being sick ( nausea or constipation ), pain in the stomach ( abdomen ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the stomach ( abdomen ), feeling or being sick ( nausea or constipation ). pain ( irritation ) in your stomach ( stomach ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the stomach ( abdomen ), tiredness , and a lack of energy . these reactions usually occur within the first 24 hours of the first infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , they will slow down or stop the infusion and may give you paracetamol to counteract the side effects . the infusion may be continued after the infusion begins . if you start to develop infusion - related reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely : - if you develop fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick or vomiting , being sick ( nausea or diarrhoea ) - pain , irritation or discomfort in your stomach ( stomach ), passing gas , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( being sick ) - bald_spots_on_the_scalp
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a skin rash ), which may be a sign of serious liver problems such as fever , chills or other signs of low white blood cells ( neutropenia , a type of white blood cell ) in blood tests ( leucopenia , neutropenia , low white blood cells , low white blood cells , low white blood cells , neutropenia , neutropenia , low white blood cells , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ) low white blood cells low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ) low white blood cells low white blood cell count low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ) low white blood cells low white blood cells low white blood cell count neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever with or without fever low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells and leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives or itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough with or without fever with low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ), leucopenia , decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ), tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) are : - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever with a fever ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ), leucopenia , decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ), decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives , itching . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat , runny nose , cough with or without fever - low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , red blood cells ) - leucopenia - decrease in number of red blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach_pain stomach stomach - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention ( oedema ) - abnormal liver function tests ( itching , rash ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cellulitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - cough - fever - low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - tiredness - dizziness - headache - diarrhoea - stomach_pain stomach stomach - constipation - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - tiredness - chills - tiredness - fluid retention ( oedema ) - abnormal liver function tests ( itching , rash , skin rash , skin rash , hives ) - itching rare side effects (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; numbness ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; severe abdominal pain ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a cough ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a history of seizures ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a history of seizures ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a cough ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - swelling of your lips , face or throat - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : blindness , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , shaking , dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs . shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or tingling . common
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). angioedema may also be life - threatening . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blocked or blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the chest , wheezing , coughing , runny nose , sneezing , skin rash , itching , hives ( hives ), musculoskeletal pain , muscle pain , pain in arms or legs , pain in limbs and bones ( musculoskeletal pain ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction , such as skin rash , hives , skin_itching skin rash , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( possible signs of angioedema ). blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a cough ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with this_medicine ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a cough ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a history of seizures ; generalised rash , chest pain ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; swelling of the face ; vertigo ; itching ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . a very common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause a decrease in the levels of therapy in the blood . this is more likely to occur in people who have an injury . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - tiredness , - nausea ( being sick ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain - headache - stomach ache - nausea - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - increase in liver enzymes - enzymes produced in the muscles ( enzymes produced by the muscles ) - changes in the way the liver is working ( alanine aminotransferase ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the blood ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests increase in an enzyme called transaminases very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , nose and throat pain , headache , stomach ache , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in how your liver is working ( enzymes produced by the liver ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). these effects mainly occur with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood tests more often an increase in the level of liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in a type of white blood cells ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in a type of white blood cell ( transaminases ) shown in blood tests an increase in the level of some_liver_enzymes in the blood ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " immunoglobulins " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , respiratory tract infections , nose bleed , headache , stomach discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the way the liver
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): seizures and swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) other side effects very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of an increased level of fat in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be more common when you start using this medicine . if you notice any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually occur with the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of an increased level of fat in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually occur with the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of an increased level of fat in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be more common when you start using medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of an increased level of fat in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be more common when you start using medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be the signs of an increased level of fat in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects may be more common when you start using medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually occur with the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually occur with the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may be seen in the feet or feet ( hand - foot syndrome , such as pain , swelling , oedema , and fever ). the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : stop using kepivance and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( including heart_failure and breathing problems ) have been reported with this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following as these could be signs of an allergic reaction : hypocalcaemia ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , muscle pain , muscle spasms , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , or pain in your joints ( signs of muscle problems ) headache , muscle spasms , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , tingling sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia , indigestion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of weakness , numbness , or tingling in hands and feet ( neuropathy ), convulsions ( low blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of lactic acidosis and / or coma ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - rash - hives - urticaria - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10,000 , 000 people ) as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . - very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) as a consequence of lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people serious allergic reactions , including lactic acidosis and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , sweats , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach upset , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever . signs of infection such as tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and talk to a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - you may need urgent medical treatment : - a common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - mild increase in the level of some liver enzymes in your blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased amount of fluid ( fats ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this may be a sign of fluid retention ( oedema ). - swelling ( oedema ), which may be a sign of chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased amount of fluid ( fats ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this may be a sign of fluid retention ( oedema ). - swelling ( oedema ) - chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased amount of the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - increase in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . - swelling ( oedema ), - swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased amount of fluid ( fats ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulties in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision - this occurs rarely . - swelling ( oedema ), which may cause swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in blood sugar . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - increased amount of fluid ( fats ) in the blood ( anaemia ) - changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increase in liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face or throat ( angioedema ) - difficulties in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a sudden decrease or loss of vision -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is common . if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a cough ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; generalised infection ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; shortness of breath ; indigestion ; nausea ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with a history of seizures ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; lupus - like syndrome ; numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people - an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing which may be a sign of a serious heart problem - a fainting , which may be a sign of a serious heart problem or fainting , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting . - a sudden decrease or loss of hearing - this may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of hearing - wheezing , shortness of breath , chest pain or chest tightness ( signs of a heart attack ) - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - vomiting - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - blurred vision - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a fluttering of the heart or the mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal drainage - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears , which may be due to discomfort of the mouth , eyes and / or throat , shortness of breath , stuffy nose , or throat irritation - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - a change in heart rate ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast heart rate or pounding , a fast or a slow heart rate , abnormal electrical tracing of the heart ( electrocardiogram ) - a vague feeling of tightening in your mouth and / or throat - pain when swallowing - a burning sensation when passing urine - discomfort or discomfort in your hands and feet as these may be signs of a possible kidney problem . the most frequently occurring side effects are described below : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - dizziness - paleness - dizziness - diarrhoea - vomiting - being sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears , including shortness of breath - voice changes ( or being sick ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears - discomfort or discomfort in the lower abdomen and / or discomfort - shortness of breath - stuffy nose - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a fast or irregular heartbeat , a fluttering or pounding in your chest - discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal drainage - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - a fluttering of the heart or the electrical activity of the mouth and / or throat - shortness of breath - nasal drainage - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping - trembling - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - changes in heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - discomfort in your mouth and / or throat - shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following severe side effects stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . severe allergic reactions : severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) severe allergic reactions with blistering and peeling of the skin , blistering of the lips , genitals and around the eyes , fever . seizures is important to contact your doctor immediately if you experience the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose , dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you may experience the following side effects : - very common : - dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - sweating - nausea ( sickness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with emadine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( usually common ), - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - changes in taste - rash - rash - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) - abnormal blood tests . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate ; - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( qt prolongation ) - eye pain , dry eyes , abnormal sensation in the eye - rash - rash - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) - abnormal blood test results ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , increased heart rate , - ringing in the ears , eye pain , dry eyes , change in your sense of taste - eye irritation , dry eye - increased or decreased blood pressure reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) initially such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ) ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - talk to your doctor if you have ear pain , hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the liver ( frequency not known ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( cataract ) - pain in your back ( abdomen ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 if you have symptoms of low blood pressure , stop taking nucala and tell your doctor immediately . symptoms may include : - raised fever - chest tightness - cough - fever - high blood pressure - swelling of the face - chest tightness - cough - fever - high temperature - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - fever - burning sensation of the mouth and / or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - high blood pressure - fever - high or low blood pressure - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent blood tests - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain - frequent blood tests - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper respiratory tract infection - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort , stomach pain and discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low blood pressure - cough - pain - redness and swelling at the injection site common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - lung infection - dizziness - headache - upper abdominal pain - stomach pain and discomfort - urinary tract infection - low level of red blood cells ( shown in tests ) - cough - low blood pressure - chest pain - cough - upper abdominal pain or discomfort - stomach pain and discomfort - stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , decreased appetite . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , decreased appetite , decreased sense of smell , confusion , abnormal vision , problems with sensation such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in your ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased sense of smell , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , problems walking , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking palforzia : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - trouble breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - these symptoms may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - dizziness , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , rash , itching , hives , rash , itchy skin , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - pain - itching - itchy rash - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( rash ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives ( urticaria ) - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). allergic reactions if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . in this leaflet : 1 . what trudexa is and what it is used for 2 . before you are not sure what the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
