like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop using incivo and tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : weakness , shortness of breath or immediately . bleeding may be signs of a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) or in the number of white blood cells ( which can make you more prone to weakness , weakness , light - headedness or fainting ) as this may be a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : swollen face , hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), severe itching of the skin , peeling skin , fever , flu - like symptoms , stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . these can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), severe itching of skin or mucous membranes ( fever ) and flu - like symptoms . stop using incivo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : - hives , skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding may occur as a burning sensation when urinating . - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting . - diarrhoea . - infection of the mouth ( oral candidiasis ). - infection of the sinuses ( thrush ) - reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a hormone called " creatinine " in your blood ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a protein produced in the blood ( creatinine ) in your blood ( creatinine ) - diarrhoea - vomiting common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a substance produced by the adrenal gland ( creatinine ) in your blood ( shown in tests ) - tiredness - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a protein produced in the blood ( creatinine ) - low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a substance produced by the blood ( called creatinine ) in the blood called creatinine ) - diarrhoea - vomiting common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased levels of a substance produced by the blood ( seen in a blood test ) - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - shortness of breath - fatigue - increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems ( see also ' warnings and precautions ") yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes dark urine tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark - coloured urine ( sarcoidosis ), if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( respiratory infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( colds ) sore throat ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin ( pharyngitis ) dry skin common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( upper respiratory tract infection ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in tests low number of lymphocytes ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( bronchitis ) infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in tests low number of lymphocytes in the blood ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( bronchitis ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in tests low number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( bronchitis ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in tests low number of lymphocytes in the blood ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( bronchitis ) infection of the urinary tract infection of the upper respiratory tract ( e . g . sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , paleness ) blood tests may show decrease in the number of white blood cells ( lymphocytes ) shown in tests low number of lymphocytes in the blood ( colds ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bronchitis ( bronchitis ) colds
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : hypoglycaemia ( these may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction called hypoglycaemia ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , feeling dizzy or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ). see also section 2 . if you experience any of these side effects , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . also , if you notice any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical attention : hypoglycaemia ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): if you develop symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): symptoms of swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating . serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and tell your doctor straight away . some side effects could be serious . if you notice any of these symptoms , get medical help immediately . hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) in your blood ( symptoms may include rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ) and anaphylactic shock ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the side effects above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - liver failure - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ) and anaphylactic shock ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - liver failure - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating ) and anaphylactic shock ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking novonorm and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - liver failure - abnormal liver function tests ( e . g . hypoglycaemia ). the following side effects have been observed with novonorm : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site , if you feel unwell , especially if you develop symptoms like swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea or sweating . these may be signs of lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): - other side effects while taking novonorm : - hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) - hypoglycaemia ( increased liver enzymes ) - abnormal liver function tests - rash , itchy skin , difficulty breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , signs of anaphylactic reaction ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). - other side effects such as : - liver problems such as : - abnormal liver function tests , - an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can cause symptoms of rash , itchy skin , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , feeling dizzy or sweating , as these may be signs of anaphylactic reaction . the most common side effect is hypoglycaemia . other side effects such as : - liver problems such as : - abnormal liver function tests and an increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells , which can be life threatening . common in patients with chronic renal failure ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - a slight decrease in the number of liver enzymes ( hypoglycaemia ) - fits ( fits ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - a marked decrease in the number of liver enzymes ( hypoglycaemia ) - fits ( fits ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - fluid around the liver ( symptoms may include swelling , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea and sweating ) - lactic acidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). other side
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your the_injection . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache injection site reactions ( such as redness , swelling or a hard lump ) where the injection is given itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ) feeling sick ( sick ) stomach pain feeling sick or being sick stomach pain muscle pain , joint pain , pain in the arms or legs , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ) or itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ) or itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ) or itching , bruising , inflammation , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given . itching , bruising , inflammation or swelling at the site of the injection ( injection site rotation ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include difficulty breathing , symptoms of itching , swelling , difficulty breathing , stinging at the injection site ( hypersensitivity ) and itching at the injection site may occur . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from diabetes high blood pressure ( hypertension ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used to the medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): if you experience signs of pain , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling ( oedema ), loss of appetite , feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting ( loose stools ) abdominal ( stomach ) pain , pain in the abdomen , stomach or feet , and loss of consciousness . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your side effects . talk to your doctor if you get any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - loss of hair ( dehydration ) - pain , swelling , redness or bruising ( oedema ) - loss of appetite - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - pain in the abdomen ( abdomen ) - passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often - loss of weight - weight loss common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - excess of fluid within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) - infection of the veins ( thrombophlebitis ) - low number of platelets in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( cells that help clot in the upper stomach ) - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - thirst , thirst , dark urine , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , dark urine , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more urine than normal or night - kidney problems - itchy skin - skin lesions - itchy skin ( pruritus ) - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often - kidney problems such as yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - thirst - passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often - passing urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( oedema ) - thirst - passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often - passing more urine than usual or needing to pass water more often - passing urine less often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass water more often than usual or needing to pass urine more often than usual or needing to pass water more often these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduced number of platelets in your blood ( which can affect clotting ) - pain , redness , redness ( oedema ) - loss of appetite - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) ( dyspepsia ) - loss of appetite - weight loss - loss of weight - weight loss 46 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - excess of fluid in the abdomen ( peripheral oedema ) - infection of the sinuses ( thrush ) - infection of the sinuses ( thrush ) - infection of the stomach ( gastritis ) - inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) - inflammation of the lining of the stomach or the gullet - abdominal pain - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - dark urine - yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) - thirst ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : skin rash ( hives ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): angioedema ( difficulties in breathing , feeling faint , feeling faint or light headed , which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) if you feel light - headed or if you feel light - headed or if you have tightness in your chest , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . light - headedness , coughing or coughing , wheezing or wheezing ( signs of loss of consciousness ). if you notice a sudden drop in blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have loss of consciousness , stop using laventair_ellipta and seek immediate medical advice straight away . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have loss of consciousness , stop using laventair_ellipta and seek immediate medical advice straight away . contact also section 2 . the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you have loss of consciousness , stop using laventair_ellipta and tell your doctor straight away . contact your doctor immediately if you experience sudden difficulty breathing , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or passing_urine , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , which , if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or coughing , wheezing or throat swelling ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , known as frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) irregular heart beat ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness if you suddenly feel light - headed , wheezing or wheezing , wheezing or wheezing ( signs of loss of consciousness ) if you notice a sudden drop in blood pressure , tell your doctor as soon as possible . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently unwell ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness symptoms of loss of consciousness , which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you experience loss of consciousness , if you feel light - headed or wheezing , coughing or coughing , wheezing or chest pain ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , also known as frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you experience loss of consciousness , stop using this medicine and tell your doctor immediately . light - headedness , swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , wheezing , wheezing , wheezing or wheezing ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , which may be a symptom of urinary tract infection ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently unwell ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) loss of consciousness if you suddenly feel unwell , your chest tightness or coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or throat swelling ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , also known as frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) irregular heart beat ( frequency not known ). the frequency of this side effect is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). loss of consciousness if you suddenly feel light - headed , wheezing or wheezing , wheezing or wheezing ( signs of loss of consciousness ) if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ): loss of consciousness over one or more of the following symptoms : rapid breathing , coughing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or throat swelling ( signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood , also known as frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ). frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects listed above . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or raised bumps other side effects which may be seen during treatment with tremfya : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection ( allergic reaction ) skin rash , hives or other severe allergic reaction which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , severe itching of the skin or raised bumps on the skin . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the face , 38 , skin rash and hives . allergic reactions ( such as hives ). allergic reactions ( such as hives ). allergic reactions such as hives , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin_rash skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( such as hives ). allergic reactions ( e . g . hives , hives ). other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( e . g . hives , hives ). other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( e . g . hives , hives ). other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( hives ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( e . g . hives , hives ). other possible side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . other side effects include : headache , diarrhoea , joint pain ( arthralgia ), swelling of the hands , 38 or legs ( peripheral oedema ), skin rash , hives . allergic reactions ( hives ). allergic reactions ( hives ), swelling of the face . other side effects common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) skin rashes ( which may be a sign of joint pain ) ( arthralgia ) back pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) pain in hands and feet ( oedema ) chest pain ( arthralgia ) chest pain ( arthralgia ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) nose bleeds stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite dyspnoea ( difficulties in falling asleep ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) joint pain ( arthralgia ) bone pain , bone pain , pain in your arms or legs bruising or bruising ( flushing ) flu - like illness , chest pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , arm or leg pain , leg pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , painful urination , bone pain , discolouration or bruising ( flushing ), flu - like illness , injection site pain , nose bleeds , runny nose , 36 nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , joint or joint pain , pain in
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash , irritation or burning sensation in the area of the penis and around the penis . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rash , irritation or burning sensation in the area of the penis , ear pain , ear discomfort or discomfort , discomfort or discomfort in the area around the penis or in the area around the penis , feeling of warmth or pain in the area around the penis feeling sick ( nausea ) fluid retention in the stomach ( abdomen ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in uncommon_side_effects people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; temporary changes in the way the heart beats . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; muscle cramps ; blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; muscle cramps ; blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; muscle cramps ; blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; changes in the way things taste . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; muscle cramps ; blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; back pain ; pain in the joints ; muscle cramps ; blood in the urine . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness increased blood pressure ( feeling of faintness , difficulty in sleeping ) increased blood pressure stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loose stools liver problems yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) itching , increased sweating hair loss , muscle cramps , back or muscle pain , pain in limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , joints , muscles , limbs , joints , joints , arms , legs , or arms , legs , arms , legs , or feet , and weight gain . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness increased level of uric acid in the blood , difficulty in sleeping stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , loose stools liver problems yellowing of skin and eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) itching , increased sweating hair loss , muscle cramps , back or muscle pain , back pain , pain in limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , limbs , joints , limbs , joints , muscles , limbs , joints , bones , or joints , back pain , fever , collection of fluid in the abdomen , pain or discomfort in your arms and legs weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased levels of white blood cells ( which help the blood to clot ) blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( this may be detected by your doctor ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in the number of phosphate , potassium , calcium , calcium , and / or amylase in the blood decrease in the number of platelets ( cells that help the blood ), decreased number of platelets in the blood , decreased appetite , decreased appetite , nightmare , hallucination , mental disorder , temporary loss of vision , numbness , tingling , loss of movement coordination , deafness , problems with speech , numbness , tingling , loss of movement coordination , deafness , problems with speech , deafness , ringing in the ears , indigestion , loss of taste , bloating , loose stools , yellow skin , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased sweating , hair loss , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), itching , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_zentiva ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the head ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects get serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the side effects listed below may also be an increase in weight and in adults . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in ciambra v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects listed below have occurred with the use of immunogam : very common ( may affect more than clinical_trials in 7 people ) if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling mainly of the face , face , face , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , face , face and / or chest , shortness of breath , wheezing and / or sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - an allergic reaction . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing ) and sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , anaphylactic shock very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , face , face and / or chest , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing ) and sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , anaphylactic shock very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , face , face and / or chest , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and shortness of breath ( which may be a symptom of sudden drop in blood pressure and wheezing ) and sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , anaphylactic shock very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , chest , face , face and / or chest , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , or sudden drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect of immunogam is swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , anaphylactic shock very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) an allergic reaction . if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure . this may be a sign of sudden drop in blood pressure . this side effect is very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) these are the signs of an
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 4 months after the last remicade injection . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of liver problems : - skin rashes , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than peeling_and_shedding_(exfoliating)_skin % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) these reactions are more likely to happen during an infusion . if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . as with other medicines , other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ), a widespread rash with blisters and blistering skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than 2 % of the body surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when a_live_vaccine is taken with other medicines for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma the side effects you may get are listed below : if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . 5 . possible side effects of rasagiline_mylan : common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people headache , abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint disorder , joint pain , painful joints , frequent urination , numbness or tingling sensation in hands and feet ( peripheral oedema ), abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) mouth ulcers ( oral herpes ), cold sores ( oral herpes ), cold sweat ( oral herpes ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral herpes ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral itching ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral herpes ), runny nose , cold sores ( oral herpes ), cold sweat ( oral herpes ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral herpes ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral itching ), night sweats , cold sweat ( oral herpes ), runny nose ( stomatitis ), purple skin ( erythema ), skin disorder , abnormal hair loss , increased weight , increased weight , weight decreased , weight decreased , increased appetite , headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ), runny nose ( rhinitis ) skin disorder , itchy skin ( erythema ), skin disorder , abnormal hair loss , increased weight , increased weight , weight loss , weight loss , weight increase , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , increased sexual drive  headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ), runny nose ( rhinitis ); runny nose ( rhinitis ); oral thrush ( oral dermatitis ); night sweats ; excessive sweating ; night sweats ; inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ); runny nose ( stomatitis ); mouth ulcers ( stomatitis ); purple skin ; abnormal hair loss , abnormal hair loss , weight loss , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , abnormal dreams , increased sexual drive  headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swelling of lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ); runny nose ( rhinitis ); runny nose ( stomatitis ); purple skin ( jaundice ) night sweats ; itchy skin ( pruritus ); night sweats ; abnormal dreams ; increased urination ; weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( such as pain , swelling , redness , swelling or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , headache , runny nose , nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , bloating , inability to sleep , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn abdominal swelling , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn abdominal swelling , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , mouth ulcers , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn abdominal swelling , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , mouth ulcers , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn abdominal swelling , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , stomach or intestinal problems , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , heart_burn , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , dry mouth , indigestion , bloating , passing wind , dry mouth , dry mouth , swelling of the feet or legs , night sweats , hair loss , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , nail disorder , nail disorder , hair loss , eczema , scaly skin , sensitivity to sunlight , itchy skin , sensitivity to sunlight , increased sweating , night sweats , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , bruising , bruising , scaly skin , sensitivity to light , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , dark urine , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood clotting or bruising , bruising , itchy skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising or bruising , dry skin , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin , sensitivity to sunlight , hair loss , night sweats , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells which can make you more prone to bruising , bruising , red skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising or bruising , red skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising or bruising , red skin , sensitivity to sunlight , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in white blood cells , bruising or bruising , red skin , sensitivity to sunlight , dark urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , night sweats , hair loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fever , feeling weak or tired , high blood pressure , changes in blood clotting or bruising , bruising , dry skin , night
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions , which may include breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties . these could be symptoms of a life - threatening allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking dzuveo and tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience loss of consciousness , feeling dizzy , becoming fast heart beat , sweating or disorientation , fast heart beat - angina , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , flushing , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , reflux or stomach problems , stomach problems , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach ( gastritis ), vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach problems , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , difficulty passing stools , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , acid reflux , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , acid_reflux , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , bloating , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , dry mouth , acid reflux , gastritis , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , acid_reflux , vomiting , stomach pain , difficulty passing stools , stomach discomfort , upset stomach , gastritis , vomiting , stomach reflux , difficulty swallowing , bloating , loss of appetite , bloating , vomiting , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty speaking , muscle spasms , spasms , swelling of the feet or legs , increased blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux , difficulty walking , muscle problems , spasms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux , difficulty walking , muscle problems , spasms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux , difficulty walking , muscle problems , spasms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux , difficulty walking , muscle problems , spasms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of reflux of the reflux , difficulty walking , muscle problems , spasms , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , nose bleeds , indigestion , stomach discomfort , nausea , vomiting , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty swallowing ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : skin rash , which may be life - threatening ( blisters and blisters of the top layer of the body ) ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of heart problems : shortness of breath , chest pain or heart attack ( see also section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): feeling tired or tired ; shortness of breath ; chest pain ; discomfort or tired ; tired or loss of appetite ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite  weight loss  decreased appetite  weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss  decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite ; weight loss ; decreased appetite
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and cancer . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the cancer medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , sinus infection , sinus infection , stuffy nose , sinus infection , dizziness , drowsiness , irritability , visual disturbance , abnormal vision , difficulty in sleeping , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , drowsiness , irritability , visual disturbance , blurred vision , difficulty in speaking , blurred vision , blurred vision , stuffy nose , nasal congestion , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , asthma , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , pain_in_extremity , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cough , pain_in_extremity , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , urinary tract infection , cough , pain_in_extremity , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , increased sweating , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , night sweats , urinary tract infection , cough , pain_in_extremity , upset stomach , vomiting , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests ( increased sweating , itchy skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sweating , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , frequent urination , blood in urine ), blood in the urine , cough , pain in the extremities , feeling jittery and feeling jittery . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased appetite , difficulty sleeping ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling dizzy or tired , passing little or no water ( urine ), fast heartbeat . urinary tract infection ( common ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) a severe infection with fever , chills , burning sensation , pain in your arms or legs . these may be signs of bone damage in the ear ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common : may affect up to a_sulphonylurea_or_insulin in 10 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : headache , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired or sleepy heart beat , fast heartbeat , urinary tract infection , low blood sugar , thrush ( a fungal infection of the thrush or feeling of thrush or shaking ), feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired or weak vision , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired or weak vision , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , tired or weak chest pain , fast heartbeat urinary tract infection , low blood sugar , thrush ( a type of white blood cells ) in your blood , thrush ( a fungal infection of the thrush ) thrush feeling confused feeling confused tests may also show : decreases in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( shown in tests ) dizziness uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , sleepiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , upset stomach , indigestion , upset stomach , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle cramps , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination ( signs of low level of blood platelets ) fatigue , chest pain , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site , low red blood cell count , weight loss , weight loss , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching , itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach pain , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fatigue , chest pain , low blood pressure , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , muscle cramp , low weight weight loss , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , low appetite , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , fatigue , chest pain , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , low appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach pain , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fatigue , chest pain , low blood pressure , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , muscle spasms , low weight weight loss , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , muscle spasms , low weight weight loss , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , fatigue , chest pain , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , fatigue , chest pain , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , low appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fatigue , chest pain , low blood pressure , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or swelling at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , low appetite , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , low appetite , anxiety , depression , anxiety , sleepiness , blurred vision , tingling sensation , pricking , burning , pricking or itching itching , high blood pressure , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , stomach discomfort , vomiting , upset stomach , hair loss , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , frequent urination , weight loss , muscle spasms , blood in urine , fatigue , chest pain , low blood pressure , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling , redness or itching at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , weight loss , feeling of tiredness , chest pain , low blood pressure , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site weight loss weight loss , weight loss , low appetite weight loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - flushing - skin rash - blocked or runny nose - blocked or blocked nose - nasal_congestion - acne - skin rash - skin rash - acne uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart rate ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) - fast heart beat ( bradycardia
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking mvasi and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you should see your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your brain , as well as bevacizumab . some of these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you should see your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your brain , as well as bevacizumab . some of these side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . some patients have had the following side effects while taking bevacizumab and chemotherapy : very common side effects these may affect more than bevacizumab in brain people : symptoms of high blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath or cough which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms may be a condition as a condition called cytokine release syndrome ( dehydration ). - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , loss of appetite , irregular heartbeat , changes in mental status , difficulty speaking , irritability or lightheadedness , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including local or fungal infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms may include fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms of an infection : - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , irregular heartbeat , stop using tecartus and contact your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including bleeding in the brain or arrhythmia . - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , and inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ). symptoms may include : fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty with thinking . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including local or viral infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty with thinking . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including local or viral infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbances , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty with thinking . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including local or viral infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking , lightheadedness , loss of consciousness , inflammation of the lung ( symptoms of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), symptoms of a condition known as a condition called dress [ - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation , speech disturbance , irregular heartbeat , and difficulty with thinking . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infections , including local or viral infections - arrhythmia , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , visual disturbances , difficulty in speaking ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking januvia and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your swelling_of_the_face,_lips,_tongue,_and_throat with or without difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of the above , stop taking januvia and tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking pioglitazone in combination with insulin . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , 64 , headache , drowsiness 64 , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea ( stomach ache ), diarrhoea , flatulence 64 , constipation , stomach ache , joint pain , back pain , back pain , muscle pain , arm or leg pain . some patients have had the following uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , dry mouth , osteoarthritis or other stomach pain , stomach upset , flatulence , itching ( elevated patches in the skin ), stomach ache , flatulence , itching ( elevated patches of urine ) or kidney problems such as dialysis or joint pain , joint pain , back pain , back pain , and difficulty in getting or maintaining erections . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , dry mouth , osteoarthritis or other stomach pain , stomach upset , flatulence , itching ( elevated patches in the skin ), stomach ache , flatulence , itching . increased levels of liver enzymes in the blood . kidney problems such as dialysis or joint pain . muscle pain . back pain . back pain . back pain . difficulty in breathing . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by xultophy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 100 people . signs of low blood sugar : the warning signs of low blood sugar may include : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , stomach ache , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , stomach ache , feeling tired , sleep problems , lack of co - ordination , difficulty sleeping , difficulty falling asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) 43 increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), upset stomach , indigestion , dyspepsia ( heartburn ), heartburn , flatulence dry mouth , dry mouth , flatulence ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) rash ( pruritus ) abnormal sensation in the mouth ( oral thrush ) feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) changes in the levels of lipase and amylase ( amylase and / or amylase in the blood ) blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells in your blood ( called pancreatic_enzymes ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) increased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), upset stomach , indigestion , dyspepsia ( heartburn ), heartburn , flatulence dry mouth , dry mouth , flatulence ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache feeling anxious inability to sleep ( insomnia ) difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( seen in a blood test ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data changes in the way the heart beats 43 low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data dangerously low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , stomach ache , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , bloating , stomach discomfort , wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence ) stomach ache ( dyspepsia ) wind ( flatulence ) wind ( flatulence
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most frequently occurring side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of treatment . if you experience a severe allergic reaction , stop receiving giotrif and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep your treatment closely during treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a rash . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling , pain , redness , swelling ( conjunctivitis ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ) 49 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - shortness of breath - nose bleed - 49 low numbers of white blood cells ( febrile neutropenia ) - changes in the amount of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced in the liver ) seen in blood tests - increase in the amount of liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced in the liver ) seen in blood tests - increase in the amount of liver enzymes seen in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a marked decrease in the number of cells involved in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a marked decrease in the number of cells involved in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the levels of uric acid in your blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( shown in blood tests ) - a decrease in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking orkambi and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - shortness of breath , cough , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach ache , stomach pain , stomach flu - stomach pain , - loss of appetite , headache - abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash and redness the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - shortness of breath - cough - cough - shortness of breath - cough - abdominal pain - stomach ache - abdominal pain - stomach ache - loss of appetite - headache - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - rash , redness and redness the side effects in children and adolescents are similar to those observed in adults . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in lynparza appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . any_side_effects can also report side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in lynparza appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . any_side_effects / 43 - combined - h1209en tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the side effects gets serious or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( such as rash , itching or itching ) tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as these may be symptoms of heart problems : rapid heart beat , high blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , fast heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache and sweating ). these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart people ): irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart people ): irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart people ): irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart people ): irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in heart people ): irregular heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , rapid heart rate , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart beat , sweating , rapid breathing , irregular heartbeat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach swelling and sweating . these symptoms can be symptoms of an uncommon ( may affect up to fast_heart_rate in fast_heart_rate people ) symptoms of a fever such as swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction , which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or breathing , which may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , shivering , sweating , fever , sweating , heart attack , fast heart beat , heart attack , irregular heart beat , blood clots in the heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as bruising or changes in vision or blood clotting rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). serious side effects in men and women ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) at the injection site reactions ( such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , irritation , bruising , pain , swelling and redness ) 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , breathlessness , stroke , heart attack ( 2 ). see also section 2 " warnings and precautions ") in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : allergic - type skin reactions : if you have a inflammation of the skin or the whites of your eyes , especially if it occurs during or after intercourse , or if you experience any of the following signs of liver problems ( see also section frequency " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or if you experience fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills , sleep problems , depression , hallucinations , confusion , confusion , excessive numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of hands and feet , or pain in the eye , or loosening of a muscle or muscle , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal muscle sensations , abnormal thinking , speech problems , abnormal thinking , thoughts of harming or killing yourself , difficulty speaking or understanding others , sudden loss of vision ( dehydration ), problems with speech or balance ( signs of nervous system problems such as inflammation of the lining of the heart , decreased or hearing things that are not real ), sudden loss of vision ( optic neuritis ), vision problems such as inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , inflammation of the pancreas , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark coloured urine ( possible signs of liver problems ) pancreatitis ( frequency not known ). gallstones may cause the following symptoms : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , 51 - urinary tract infection , ( see also above , in this section ) if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects , which may need urgent medical attention : 7 or more of the 7 - at least 7 days after each injection ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) redness and swelling where the injection is given , such as pain , warmth , swelling and itching where the injection is given 7 mg of age . if you get any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) redness , swelling , and pain where the injection is given . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth and swelling where the injection is given , itching , warmth and itching where the injection is given itching . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . itching , warmth and itching where the injection is given . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . these effects are normally mild to moderate and often disappear after a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek immediate medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bone pain , weakness or shivering low blood pressure . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fat in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of potassium ). if you do not feel it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are taking this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : liver problems that may affect up to blood_tests in 10 people : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . abnormal liver function ) blurred vision not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision . blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following serious side effects : - wheezing or other signs of an infection of the lung ( e . g . wheezing or other high blood pressure ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) even if you have a serious allergic reaction , stop using temybric_ellipta and see a doctor immediately . these side effects are uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). other possible side effects of temybric_ellipta include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore or runny nose - nasal congestion ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining around the heart ( bronchitis ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - reduction in blood pressure ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - flu - like symptoms ( e . g . change in urination or fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in males ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in males ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in males ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in males ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in males ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision ( dysgeusia ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement in men - fractures ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( pneumonitis ) - chills 37 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - breast enlargement ( fractures ) - back pain - blurred vision - a_urinary_tract_infection) uncommon side effects (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your face,_throat_or_tongue , as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). if you develop a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to decrease your heparin dose during treatment with zinforo . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether treatment with zinforo . this will help reduce the likelihood that the number of white blood cells is neutropenia ( a decrease in the number of platelets involved in your blood ) fever , sore throat or mouth ulcers swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe allergic reaction which may cause you to light - headed or breathing problems as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), which may be severe and life - threatening . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain at the injection site feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach pain or pain or irritation where the injection is given itching , bruising , swelling or irritation where the injection is given itching , bruising , swelling or irritation where the injection is given itching , bruising , swelling or irritation where the injection is given . these are usually mild . a decrease in the number of platelets in your blood ( which can antibiotic be detected during treatment with zinforo . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) ( neutropenia , neutropenia ) an increase in the level of creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood , which may make you feel diarrhoea or have a quickened reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) an increase in the level of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) in the blood called platelets ( shown in tests ) in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood increase in creatinine ( creatinine ) in the blood increase in the level of creatinine in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the blood increase of bilirubin in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reaction : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as blister of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps , stop taking pregabalin and tell your doctor straight away . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , rare cases of allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin and pain ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people liver failure . hepatitis ( inflammation of the liver ). if you experience swollen face or tongue or if your skin turns red and starts to blister or peel ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been reported in patients taking pregabalin . if you get any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) has also been reported in patients taking pregabalin . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - sepsis ( sepsis ) which may be life threatening and require immediate medical attention . - if you get arrhythmia , heart attack , chest pain or breathing , swelling of the face and lips , rash and other serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). - if you notice any of these signs , stop using zytiga and tell your doctor immediately . - sepsis ( sepsis ) ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - skin rash , difficulty swallowing or breathing , which could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - arrhythmia and arrhythmia ( common ). - urinary tract infection . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - serious allergic reactions ( including difficulty breathing or breathing , which may be severe or life - threatening skin rashes ) - rash and other serious allergic reactions ( including anaphylactic shock ). - sepsis ( sepsis ) which can cause a serious allergic reaction known as sepsis ( sepsis ), which could be life threatening . - heart attack , chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( ecg ) - fast heart beat ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate ( palpitations ) - fast heart beat ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - fast heart beat ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate - high blood pressure - low blood pressure - irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - fast heart rate - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations ( fast heart rate ) - high blood pressure - rapid heart rate - palpitations
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( may affect up to 1 in hefiya people ) in patients taking hefiya . signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , shock , or an increase in certain white blood cells ( seen in blood tests and see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur during hefiya treatment with hefiya . talk to your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of stroke such as blood in your urine or blood in your vomit , stools or urine , black stools ( signs of gastrointestinal problems ). severely decreased urine output , headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick or wounds , wounds on standing , nervous system problems such as numbness , tingling , tingling or prickling sensation or burning sensation in the hands or feet , or loss of consciousness eye problems such as eye or eye infections , eye inflammation , eye inflammation , eye infection , eye infection , eye infection , eye infection , seeing flashes of light with floaters , progressing to a loss of some of your vision , vertigo , abnormal vision , increased eye pressure , urinary retention . cough , asthma , shortness of breath , gastrointestinal problems , gastrointestinal infection , dyspepsia , indigestion , bloating , heart_burn , stomach discomfort , abnormal dreams , dry mouth , dry skin , itching , itchy rash , increased sweating , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , frequent urination , frequent urination , fever with low white blood cell count , low red blood cell count ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets , red blood cells and platelet count . reduction in red blood cells , which may make you more prone to platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( seen in tests ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke , heart attack , decrease in blood potassium , diabetes mellitus , decreased sexual drive and uncontrollable movements of the eyes , decreased sex drive , increased need to urinate at night , headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick or wounds , wounds on standing , nervous system disorders : numbness , tingling , prickling , tingling or prickling sensation or pins and needles sensation of tingling or throat , eye inflammation , eye infection , eye infection , eye infection , inflammation of the eye , fever with low red blood cell count , low red blood cell count , increased number of white blood cells ( seen in tests ) in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets low number of red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets low number of white blood cells ( platelets ) decrease in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and / or platelets low number of all blood cells ( red blood cells ) decreases in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and / or platelets low number of all blood cells ( red blood cells ) decreases in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and / or white blood cells ( seen in tests ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): stroke , heart attack , decrease in blood pressure , changes in mood or loss of consciousness ( signs of problems with your ovaries or urinary tract ), urinary tract infections , such as headache , vomiting , nausea , feeling sick or wounds , wounds on standing up , disturbance in attention , numbness , tingling , tingling or prickling sensation or tingling of hands and / or feet throat tightness , ear pain , ear infection , dry mouth , itching itchy rash , increased sweating muscle problems , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , blood in urine , low urine output , fever , low blood sugar levels ( in red blood cells ) in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells , red blood cells and platelets low number of red blood cells , white blood cells and platelets low number of white blood cells , red blood cells and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking ritemvia and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during your treatment with paracetamol . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your ritemvia treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep your paracetamol treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep your paracetamol treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some of these reactions have been fatal . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when paracetamol is used with other medicines for the treatment of paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your ritemvia treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results for paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by capecitabine_teva or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical attention : stop taking capecitabine_teva and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of infection : - if you notice any of the following signs : - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomit ( vomit ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) or being sick ( nausea or loss of appetite ) - stomatitis : if you have pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest ( hand - foot ) - hand - like symptoms , such as pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . - if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . - infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - 38 or other signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . - if you experience chest pain , pain in your right side of your chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your chest , as well as redness of the hand and / or chest . - if you notice any of these symptoms :  tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ( see also section " warnings and precautions ") common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - runny or runny nose - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - decreased blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , itching , hives ) - rash - abnormal blood test results for liver function tests rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - irregular heart beat ( palpitations ) - fainting - loss of consciousness very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - allergic reaction - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( previously angioedema ) - if you notice any of these signs , contact your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . increased incidence of sepsis has been observed with telmisartan only , however can not be ruled out for kinzalmono . possible side effects of telmisartan include the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , cold hands and feet ( sinusitis ), sinus infection ( sinus infection ), upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart beat ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , weakness and increased sweating . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( eosinophilia ), low white blood cell count ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug hypersensitivity ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , weakness or increased feeling of heaviness in the urine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( eosinophilia ); low blood sugar levels ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching ; increased sweating ; muscle cramps ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , weakness or increased feeling of heaviness in the urine . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low red blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), a decrease in the number of thrombocytopenia ( thrombocytopenia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms may include : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , low blood pressure and chills . if you have symptoms of low blood pressure , stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should tell your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bleeding at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order of this medicine , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . you must contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your reduced_number_of_blood_cells ( sepsis ) very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): if you experience a temperature of 38c or greater , bleeding , or other signs of bleeding , or bruising , or bruising , sleepiness , confusion , convulsions and / or vision problems , as there may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of a blood clot : bleeding , bruising , sleepiness , confusion , convulsions , inflammation of the airways ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). palpitations ( awareness of your heart beating beating too fast or leg ), pains or difficulty in passing urine , blood in the urine ( signs of pneumonia ), bronchitis , bronchitis , fluid retention ( oedema ), fluid retention in the arms and legs ( signs of a low level of white blood cells ) ( pneumonia ), bronchitis , bronchitis , fluid retention ( oedema ), fluid retention ( oedema ), fluid retention ( oedema ), weight gain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): bone marrow infection ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , anaemia ), mood swings , mood swings , hallucination , vision disturbances , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), slow heart rate ( tachycardia ), palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ), confusion , mood swings , confusion , forgetfulness , mood swings , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), double vision , double vision , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , deafness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , deafness , ringing in the ears , abnormal sensation in the eye , cough , hot flushes , shortness of breath , cough , inflammation_of_your_sinuses cough , cough , infection of the mouth , fungal infection , bronchitis , dry mouth , heartburn , upset stomach , difficulty swallowing , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( rashes , redness of the skin , hives , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , stop using cialis and see a doctor immediately , or go immediately to the emergency department of your nearest hospital , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your ankles , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the following side effects have been reported with the_medicine : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux of stomach , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , - general feeling of being unwell , headache and dizziness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - heart attack - chest pain - abnormal blood tests - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - nasal congestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - reflux of stomach juices - stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting - reflux of reflux of the reflux of the eye - muscle aches - back pain - back pain - painful joints - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - back pain - painful urination - prolonged urination ( including difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ) - feeling of heartbeat ( palpitation ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - reflux of stomach juices - back pain - back pain - painful urination - frequent urination , prolonged urination , prolonged or prolonged urination - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - difficulty in breathing - vomiting - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - stomach pain - reflux of stomach juices - back pain - painful joints - back pain - painful urination - prolonged urination ( including difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - immediately of the lungs other side effects which may occur with the following frequencies : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , reflux of stomach , muscle aches , pain in arms or legs , - general feeling of being unwell , headache and dizziness . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - high blood pressure - heart attack - chest pain - fast blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure - nasal congestion - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - reflux of stomach juices - stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux of stomach - muscle aches - back pain - back pain - painful joints - back pain - painful joints - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - back pain - painful urination - prolonged urination ( including difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ) - feeling of heartbeat ( palpitation ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - stomach pain - reflux of stomach juices - back pain - back pain - painful urination - prolonged urination , prolonged urination , prolonged or prolonged urination ( signs of low blood pressure ) - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - common cold , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea - stomach pain , indigestion , vomiting , reflux of reflux of stomach - muscle aches - back pain - back pain - painful urination - muscle spasms - painful urination - difficulty in breathing - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - low blood pressure - immediately of the lungs other side effects that have been reported with the following frequencies : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - stomach pain - reflux of stomach lining , muscle aches , pain in limbs - loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the symptoms may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or anaphylactic anaphylactic reactions . these can be signs of anaphylactic reaction ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). symptoms may include : stomach swelling , feeling sick , nausea , diarrhoea , sweating and drug hypersensitivity ( see also section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : 31 very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): reactions at the injection site if you get symptoms such as swelling , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating or serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . other side effects include : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy rash ( rash ), abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . other side effects include : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), rash , itchy rash ( rash ), abnormal liver function tests ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating and anaphylactic reactions ( these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as hypoglycaemia ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : 31 very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) rash , rash , itchy rash ( rash ) abnormal liver function tests ( increased levels of bilirubin ) in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating ( possible signs of anaphylactic reaction ) serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor immediately . other side effects include : very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) rash , rash , itchy rash ( rash ), abnormal liver function tests ( increased creatinine levels in your blood , hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating and anaphylactic reactions ( these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as hypoglycaemia ). other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : 31 very common : feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) rash , rash , itchy rash ( rash ), abnormal liver function tests ( increased creatinine levels in your blood , hypersensitivity ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sweating and anaphylactic reactions ( these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction known as ' guillain - barr syndrome "). if you get any of these symptoms , tell your
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat , nasal congestion ( nasal congestion ), bleeding_in_the_stomach , sinusitis , sore or runny nose , redness , swelling or a hard lump ( haematoma ), haematoma ( haematoma ), swelling of the skin ( haematoma ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( haematoma ), or other signs of infections ( e . g . sore throat ), diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain or voicebox , indigestion , loss of appetite , weight loss , joint pain , pain , weakness ( asthenia ), low blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the chest ( angina pectoris ), weight loss ( hypotension ), weight loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) heartbeat , changes in behaviour , heartbeat , restlessness , inflammation of the stomach , roof_of_your_mouth , gut or gut , increase in liver enzymes , abnormal kidney function tests , kidney failure , blood clots in the veins in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), blood in the urine , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the abdomen , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs , fluid in the lungs . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), runny nose and abdominal pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , nausea , constipation , dry mouth , excessive sweating , muscle cramps , muscle pain , joint pain , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle cramps . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) effects in the eye : allergy in the iris ( including localised detachment of the front part of the eyes ), localised swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the eyes ), localised swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ), localised discharge inside the eye , damage to the clear layer of the iris ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ), swelling of the eyelid and hair , swelling of the eyelid and hair , swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ), swelling of the eyelid and eyelid . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) pain in the upper part of the eye ( corneal oedema ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( the iris ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( the clear layer that covers the front of the eye ), damage to the clear layer of the surface of the eye , damage to the clear layer of the iris , swelling of the eyelid , damage to the clear layer of the iris , swelling of the eyelid , swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), damage to the clear layer of the eye , swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer of the iris and pupil of the eye ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) pain in the upper part of the eye ( abdomen ), damage to the clear layer of the iris ( the clear layer from the front part of the eye ), inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and damage to the clear layer of the iris ( retinal pigment epithelial syndrome ), damage to the clear layer of the eye , swelling of the eyelid , damage to the clear layer of the eye , swelling of the eyelid and eyelid , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), damage to the clear layer of the eye , swelling of the eyelid ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ), swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer of the front of the eye ), swelling of the eyelid and detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ( the clear layer of the iris and pupil ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) pain in the upper part of the belly ( abdomen ) caused by inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and the clear layer of the iris ( the clear layer from the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and damage to the clear layer of the iris ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris and pupil of the iris ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the iris ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the front part of the eye ), inflammation of the fatty layer under the surface of the eye ( retinal pigment epithelial syndrome ) damage to the clear layer of the front of the eye ( the clear layer from the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer at the front of the eye ) and swelling of the eyelid ( detachment_of_the_layer_below_the_retina ), inflammation of the lining of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin ) erythema ( erythema multiforme ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection , gastroenteritis , sinusitis , headache , stomach discomfort , constipation , nausea , stomach ache . increased liver enzymes , increased muscle tension , weight gain , muscular pain , abnormal muscle sensations , tingling ( paraesthesia ), tiredness ( malaise ), blurred vision , blurred vision , double vision , vertigo , difficulty in speaking , back pain , changes in muscle colour , vertigo ( difficulty breathing ), back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth - blood in the urine , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth - blood in the urine , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty in sleeping , dry mouth , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way things taste - vertigo , difficulty breathing - back pain , changes in the way
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the most common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in your blood ( copd ) may occur very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking adasuve . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , tiredness , decreased blood pressure , confusion , abnormal thinking . some patients have had these serious side effects , including : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) are : asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure and confusion . neurological disorders ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . broken bones have been reported commonly ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) in patients taking adasuve . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure and confusion . increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in women very low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure and confusion . increased levels of lactic acid in the blood ( which can affect clotting ) and dizziness . decreased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion . increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in women very low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure and confusion . increased levels of lactic acid in the blood . increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( copd ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )  asthma , shortness of breath , cough , fever , tiredness , increased blood pressure , confusion . increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your blood ( copd ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) in women very low blood pressure ( copd ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people )  asthma  shortness of breath ; cough ; fever ; tiredness ; increased blood pressure ; confusion ; abnormal blood test results for confusion ; increased lactic acid in the blood ; dizziness ; decreased sex drive ; feeling anxious ; feeling anxious ; increased blood pressure ; fainting ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; wheezing ; light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; abnormal behaviour ; tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : dizziness or lack of energy ; feeling more hungry ; feeling more hungry ; high blood pressure ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; cough ; light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; abnormal behaviour ; tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : dizziness or lack of energy ; feeling more hungry ; feeling more hungry ; high blood pressure ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; cough ; light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; abnormal behaviour ; tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : dizziness or lack of energy ; feeling more hungry ; feeling more hungry ; high blood pressure ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; cough ; light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; abnormal behaviour ; tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : dizziness or lack of energy ; feeling more hungry ; feeling more hungry ; high blood pressure ; asthma ; shortness of breath ; cough ; light - headedness ; fainting ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion ; faintness ; mood changes ; confusion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , bacteria , infection of the urinary tract , sore throat , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ( epistaxis ), gut or gut ( sinusitis ), sore or runny nose , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the tissue is applied ( haematoma ), which may be a sign of a low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), infection or infection of the lungs ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , sore throat ), runny nose ( epistaxis ), nasal congestion ( epistaxis ), inflamed stomach ( fluid_around_the_lungs_(pleural_effusion ), feeling tired ( asthenia ), feeling confused ( asthenia ), feeling confused . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious infection ( bacteria or sepsis ) due to low number of white blood cells ( thrombocytopenia ), low number of all white blood cells ( platelets ) in the blood , fluid retention , feeling tired , tired or shaking ( asthenia ), asthenia ( a low level of phosphorus in the blood ) phosphorus in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ) low level of phosphate in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low level of phosphate in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low potassium levels in the blood ( somnolence ), feeling sick ( somnolence ), shaking ( asthenia ), asthenia ( a low level of phosphorus in the blood ), phosphorus in the blood ( thrombocytopenia ), low blood levels of thrombocytopenia ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of white blood cells ), somnolence ( a type of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , headache joint pain abnormal liver function tests joint pain joint pain , joint pain 34 dizziness , dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) diarrhoea stomach pain , joint pain , joint pain , changes in urination , joint pain 34 dizziness , dizziness , runny nose abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams joint pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the stomach or intestine , abnormal dreams , difficulty sleeping , vomiting , 34 inflammation of the sinuses , acid reflux , difficulty sleeping , vomiting 34 dry mouth , acid reflux , difficulty passing urine , need to urinate more frequently , joint pain , joint pain 34 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth inflammation of the mouth , oral thrush , oral thrush , vomiting 34 ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ), 34 inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , difficulty passing urine ( urinary retention ), chest pain , chest pain 34 very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) disturbance in sense of taste ( dysgeusia ), vomiting 34 ringing in the ears , spinning sensation ( dysgeusia ), 34 constipation , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), acid reflux , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), slow heartbeat , the following events have been reported with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects listed above . reporting of side effects 34 if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - fatigue , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( fever , chills , fatigue and headache ). - if you have a fever , chills , chills and fatigue ( signs of a low blood pressure ). - fever , chills or fatigue ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ). fever , chills and fatigue ( signs of low blood pressure ). - fever , chills or fatigue . these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), headache or fatigue ( common ). - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ), headache or fatigue ( common ). - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low red blood cell count ( anaemia ). - headache or fatigue . - loss of appetite . - low levels of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue . - loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these are signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of appetite . these may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ). - headache , fatigue and loss of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or have a high temperature this may be an early indication of an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . stop using varuby and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . stop using varuby and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . stop using varuby and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . stop using varuby and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be signs of an allergic reaction . stop using varuby and contact your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you have an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a combination of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle weakness , weakness , tenderness , weakness or weakness . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel light - headed or if you feel unwell or have a high temperature it may be caused by an allergic reaction . tell your doctor immediately if you develop an allergic reaction . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : muscle
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips or tongue ( angioedema ) skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - diarrhoea - nausea ( dyspepsia ) - excessive gas in stomach or intestine ( musculoskeletal pain ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( common ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - candidiasis ( candidiasis ) - candidiasis ( a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ) - urinary tract infection - headache - pain in muscles and bones ( urinary tract pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - oral thrush ( hoarseness ) - candidiasis ( infection of the blood ) - skin rash - difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very commonly ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). allergy may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the skin that the skin is usually other side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion ( feeling sick ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the veins ) - allergy - allergy - pain - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - wind_(flatulence) ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the large intestine ) - allergy - allergy - pain - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - wind_(flatulence) ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the large intestine ) - allergy - allergy - pain - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - wind_(flatulence) ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the large intestine ) - allergy - allergy - pain - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - wind_(flatulence) ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the large intestine ) - allergy - allergy - pain - headache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) ( flatulence ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( inflammation of the large intestine ) - allergy - pain , headache , feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) - feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergy ( infection ) in the blood ( allergy ) - allergy - pain - headache - feeling hot - pain in the limbs - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling tired ( asthenia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling , muscle and muscle tingling , tingling , feeling of being drunk , sleepy or feeling dizzy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , difficulty in concentrating , tingling or numbness of the ears ( affect by tingling and burning sensation ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling sleepy or feeling tired , sleepy or having dry skin , sensitivity to light or sensitivity to light , change in muscle colour , tingling and / or numbness of the hands or feet 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding in the stomach or intestines , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement , abnormal muscle movements , increased muscle tension , tingling and / or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding in the stomach or intestines , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement , abnormal muscle movements , increased muscle tension , tingling and / or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of appetite , loss of movement , altered muscle movements , tingling and / or tingling sensation in the arms and / or legs 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of appetite , loss of movement , pins and needles , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral neuropathy ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , vertigo , dry mouth , excessive sweating , excessive sweating , loss of movement , abnormal sensation in the skin , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , disturbance in attention , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , taste disturbance , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo 37 disturbance in attention , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal dreams , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal dreams , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , 37 , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo , taste disturbance , vertigo , ringing in the ears , vertigo 37 disturbance in attention , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 , difficulty sleeping ( vertigo ), increased muscle tension , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal dreams , vertigo , increased sweating , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle sensation , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 , difficulty sleeping , vertigo ( increased muscle tension ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 , difficulty sleeping , vertigo ( increased muscle tension ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 37 abnormal sense of taste 37 , difficulty sleeping , vertigo ( increased muscle tension ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , which may cause difficulties in breathing or swallowing , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , chills , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , muscle weakness ( frequency of severe allergic reaction ) - if you experience a rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , including rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include : - rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( frequency not known , cannot be estimated from the available data )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' take special care with duoplavin "). - list of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in duoplavin v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , spasm or spasm , irritability , nervousness , excessive sweating , loss of consciousness , palpitations , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , cold throat , sneezing , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , indigestion , vomiting , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , hair loss , joint pain , arm or leg pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , pain , back pain , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , sinus infection , sinus infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , indigestion , vomiting , sinus infection , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , pain in extremity , joint swelling , joint pain , joint pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), hair loss , dry skin , eye redness , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , sore throat , stuffy nose , sinus infection , viral infection , viral infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , indigestion , vomiting , sinus infection , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , dry skin , increased sweating , hair loss , joint or joint pain , back pain , joint pain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough , diarrhoea , stomach ache , indigestion , reflux of stomach juices , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , sensitivity to light , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat or throat infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , sore throat , sinus infection , viral infection , viral infection , fungal infection , urinary tract infection , indigestion , vomiting , sinus infection , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , itchy skin , sensitivity to light , sensitivity to sunlight , pain , dry skin , sensitivity to sunlight , increased blood pressure , increased blood pressure , flushing , runny nose , sore throat or throat infection , fungal infection of the mouth , sinus infection , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , fungal infection , fungal infections , urinary tract infection , indigestion , vomiting , sinus infection , difficulty sleeping , hair loss , dry skin , skin discolouration , dry skin , sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) chest pain , palpitations , irregular heartbeat , increased blood pressure , asthma , cough
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of filgrastim_ratiopharm alone are : decrease in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) with or without the_skin_pale bleeding in the stomach or intestine , weakness , breathlessness , drop in blood pressure , chest pain and chest pain , which may be a sign of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , weakness or breathlessness , drop in blood pressure and chest pain which could be a sign of a serious condition called cytokine release syndrome which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , joint pain , skin rash , fever feeling sick ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( fatigue ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people : reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ) increased levels of enzymes in the blood ( which may be seen in tests ) muscle pain , fatigue , feeling sick ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) ( neutropenia ) decreased blood levels of muscle - muscle pain ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutrophils ) neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) increased muscle enzymes in the blood ( shown in tests ) fatigue ( itchy ) blood tests showing changes in the amount of potassium in your blood ( shown in a blood test ) when used in combination with other anti - hiv medicines ( e . g . neutropenia and / or white blood cells ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in the number of red blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by riluzole_zentiva or by other medicines that you are taking , or by the hiv disease itself . your doctor will test your blood tests more often if you have an increase in liver enzymes . tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of the liver ( jaundice ), whether or not being sick ( nausea ). this is a very common side effect that may affect more than regular_blood_tests in white_blood_cells people . your doctor will monitor your blood tests more often because you have an increase in liver enzymes . infections tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of the liver ( pancreatitis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the signs may include yellowing of your eyes or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching and feeling sick ( sick ) as these may indicate problems of the liver ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) ( jaundice ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of your eyes ) jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ) low blood pressure , light - headedness , swelling of the hands , feet or fingers ( peripheral oedema ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) injection site reactions injection site reactions such as itching , rash , red skin , hives , swelling and / or swelling at injection site injection site reactions such as bruising , swelling , itching or bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching , bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 10 or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , red skin , hives , swelling and / or pain at injection site injection site reactions such as bruising , swelling , itching or bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching , bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , red skin , hives , swelling and / or pain at injection site injection site reactions such as bruising , swelling , itching or bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching , bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 10 or common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling jittery ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , red skin , hives , swelling and / or pain at injection site injection site reactions such as bruising , swelling , itching or bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) injection site reactions such as injection site pain , itching , rash , red skin , hives , swelling and / or pain at injection site injection site reactions such as bruising , swelling , itching or bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching , bruising . injection site reactions can be avoided by injection site reactions , such as swelling , itching or bruising . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) serious
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , which may be difficulty with breathing or difficulty breathing tell your doctor immediately . these side effects may become serious . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms such as fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects may become serious . these side effects may become serious . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects are common . these side effects may become severe . these side effects may become severe . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects are common . these side effects may become severe . these side effects may become severe . other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - fever - these side effects are common . these side effects may become severe . these side effects may become severe . other side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever - these side effects are common in adults . these side effects can become severe . these side effects may become serious . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects are common . these side effects may become severe . these side effects may become severe . other side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects are common . these side effects may become severe . other side effects other side effects are listed below . if these side effects become severe , tell your doctor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects can become severe . tell your doctor if you get any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea ( flatulence ) - fever . these side effects can become severe . these side effects are common . these side effects
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in daklinza appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in daklinza appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . strategies to also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in daklinza appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop using proquad and tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , tell your doctor straight away if you have an allergic reaction . these may include : difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , swelling , pain , tenderness , and redness ) at the injection site , irritability , seizures , fever and / or fever . signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , swelling , pain or tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness or soreness of the skin , swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , measles - like symptoms , vomiting , diarrhoea and other flu like symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , pain , diarrhoea and vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , pain , diarrhoea and vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness , soreness , pain , diarrhoea and vomiting . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or ankles , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as measles - like illness , vomiting , diarrhoea and other other side effects which may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and other other side effects which may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and other other side effects which may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting and diarrhoea , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting and diarrhoea , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting and diarrhoea , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): local reactions such as bruising , swelling , redness or soreness , pain in your hands or feet , swelling of your hands , feet or legs difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), low blood pressure , measles - like symptoms , such as vomiting , diarrhoea and other other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever , - sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever - sore throat or difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the above , stop taking jylamvo and tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a decrease in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( agranulocytosis ). - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - indigestion - abdominal pain - indigestion - pain in the muscles or joints - feeling of heaviness in the abdomen - feeling of heaviness in your abdomen - problems with your muscles or groin - an increase in the colour of the muscles and / or groin ( shown in a blood test ) - nausea ( vomiting ) - loss of appetite ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - acne - hair loss ( alopecia ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - dermatitis ( pruritus ) - groin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high level of cholesterol in the blood ( hyperglycaemia ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must contact your doctor immediately ( see also section hyperglycaemia " warnings and precautions ") excessive sweating if you notice a rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( see also section frequency " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enurev_breezhaler and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( angioedema ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking riximyo and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during your treatment with paracetamol . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep your paracetamol treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep your paracetamol treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some of these reactions have been fatal . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when paracetamol is used with other medicines for the treatment of paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to stop your riximyo treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . do not take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called paracetamol . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results for paracetamol . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking topotecan_actavis and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take this medicine ): - allergic reaction - difficulty in breathing - cough - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( tiredness , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - if you get tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting or loss of appetite ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - loss of appetite . - if you are being treated for severe chronic neutropenia or if you notice any of the symptoms above , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : - if you notice any of the following side effects , as they may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - loss of appetite ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or unusual_bruising ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or bleeding - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness in the hands and feet ( feet and feet ) - feet or other signs of bleeding caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - a reduction in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - hands or feet ( feet ) or feet ( especially in the feet or feet ) - lung or lung problems ( symptoms include : - unusual tiredness or bleeding ) - a reduction in the number of platelets in the blood ( platelets ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual tiredness or unusual_bruising ( signs of a low level of red blood cells ) - decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness ( fatigue ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - a reduction in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - decreased number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( white_blood_cell) ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( pancytopenia ) - severe upper stomach pain ( pancreatitis ) - severe stomach pain - fever - diarrhoea - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ) - bleeding or other signs may be caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decreased number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - tiredness - weakness - weakness in the hands and feet and moving up towards the feet of the hands or feet ( hand - foot syndrome ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - if you are being treated for rheumatoid arthritis , nausea , loss of appetite , weight loss and loss of appetite . these may be due to a very rare ( may affect up to neutropenic_colitis in 10 , 000 people ) - serious infections ( including life - threatening allergic reaction ) - difficulty in breathing - cough - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( tiredness , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting and loss of appetite ) see section 2 . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . - if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , fever and / or diarrhoea . - loss of appetite . these may be caused by a decrease in the number of red blood cells (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects above . the side effects will slowly go away as your body gets used the side effects . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness or tiredness . these may be signs of a high level of ammonia in your blood . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused , drowsy or drowsy , drowsy , confused , hypertension , 48 48 , vomiting , inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , pain in your stomach or abdomen , indigestion , vomiting itching of the stomach , stomach or bowel pain , indigestion , vomiting itching , hair loss itching , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain weight gain weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the skin or throat ) decreased level of calcium in the blood , excessive sweating itching , hair loss ( alopecia ) stomach upset stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach and intestine stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , indigestion inflammation of the stomach inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine stomach pain , indigestion , dry mouth hair loss itching , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) weight gain weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the throat or the eyes ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) rash , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) pain in the stomach or stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , indigestion itching ( pruritus ) rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) back pain weight gain weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the throat or the eyes ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ), increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the throat or the throat ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) rash , hair loss itching of the stomach , stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , indigestion inflammation of the stomach , stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach and intestine , inflammation of the stomach , indigestion , indigestion , indigestion rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) weight gain weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the skin or in the eyes ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ), increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( bilirubin ) in the kidney uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the throat or the throat ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) rash , itching rash , hair loss ( alopecia ) stomach pain , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , indigestion inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or intestine , indigestion , vomiting itching , hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) hair loss ( alopecia ) weight gain weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the skin or the whites of the throat ) decreased level of sodium in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ), increased levels of bilirubin in the blood ( creatine phosphokinase ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) pain_in_the_mouth ( a fungal infection of the skin or the whites of the throat ) decreased secretion of white blood cells , which may cause pain in the abdomen , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , pain in the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , inflammation of the stomach or stomach , stomach discomfort , indigestion , constipation , constipation , indigestion inflammation of the stomach or intestine , inflammation of the stomach or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis at the injection site common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever low blood pressure ( hypertension ) low blood pressure ( hypertension ) low platelet count bruising , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , diarrhoea_nausea rash itching of skin ( pruritus ) feeling tired ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets in the blood severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) chest pain ( angina pectoris ) changes in heart rhythm ( heart_attack_narrowing ) blood clots in the veins in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): progressive scarring of lung tissue ( interstitial lung disease ) severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ) severe allergic reaction with severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include chest pain or changes in vision ( such as blood in the urine ) if you notice any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) low blood measurements for white blood cells ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ( hyperuricaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) leukaemia ( cancer affecting the blood and bone marrow ) severe allergic reaction with severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) signs of which may include chest pain , abnormal heart rhythm ( bradycardia ) blood clots in the veins in your blood ( pulmonary arterial hypertension ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by the body ' s own immune system ( autoimmune hepatitis ) seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by break - down of dying cancer cells ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ) merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of white cell ) in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the liver caused by break - down of dying cancer cells ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hepatosplenic t - cell lymphoma ( a rare blood cancer that is often fatal ) merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of white cell ) in the blood rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) destruction of red blood cells anaphylactic shock ( severe allergic reaction ) inflammatory condition of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , asthma , asthma , stomach ache , diarrhoea , indigestion , indigestion , excessive gas in the stomach ( abdomen ) blood test results showing liver function tests hair loss itching , swelling or swelling in the area around the surface of the hands and cornea ( the cornea ) increase in the number of white blood cells , which can cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) which may be associated with swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ) which may be a sign of an inflammation of the lining of the large intestine ( the cornea ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . side effects in children common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , abnormal dreams , nightmare , dizziness , impaired vision , eye pain , eye irritation , asthma , loss of consciousness , asthma , cold sores ( asthma ), asthma , indigestion , elevated levels of liver enzymes in blood tests , hair loss , swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), which may be a sign of an increase of some liver enzymes . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as inflammation of the front part of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( cornea ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot in the surface of the eye ( cornea ), which may be associated with the formation of a blood clot may occur , particularly when starting treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood pressure within a few days before you start and after stopping treatment . if you have any further questions on the use of this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - weakness , feel light - headed or if you have difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing - fever - this may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : - difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing - severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing ( signs of severe allergic reaction ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - if you notice a cough , fever and signs of an inflamed pancreas ( acute pancreatitis ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face or throat rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face or throat rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face or throat rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) rash and / or fever severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic reaction ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious side effects tell your doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes such as shortness of breath , blurred vision , which may be a sign of a life - threatening medical condition . o if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . a_stroke may cause the following symptoms : pain , burning , numbness , burning , burning pain and headache . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick , diarrhoea and diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ):  dizziness , headache , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 - numbness , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 symptoms : numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 symptoms : numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 symptoms : numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 symptoms : numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), 36 36 36 36 36 , numbness , burning or pain at the injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site at injection site ( injection site rotation ) or numbness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , flu like illness , feeling tired ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing . the most common side effect ( which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : disorientated , sick , weight loss , weight gain , headache , dizziness , inability to sleep , unusual dreams , numbness , pins and needles , lethargy , abnormal heart rhythm , tightness of the chest , coughing , cough , runny nose , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , heartburn , feeling sick ( sick ), dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , itchy skin , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin sensitivity , dry skin , acne , hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle muscle pain , hand and hand , pain in the hand or muscles , hand and hand - like hand , extremities , extremities , extremities , extremities , extremities , extremities , extremities , extremities , or extremities . the signs may include skin reactions , dry skin , acne , increased sweating , hair loss , acne , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle muscle pain , hand and hand pain , hand and foot side effects in the hand or hand , hand and foot side effects , which are usually mild to moderate and will require immediate medical attention . flatulence ( feeling sick ), weight loss , weight gain , headache , dizziness , inability to sleep , indigestion ( heartburn ), dry mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , acne , hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle muscle pain , hand and hand pain , hand and foot side effects in the hand or arms , hand and hand - like hand and pains in the hands or hands of the hands of the hands of the anus if you experience any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical treatment : flatulence , weight loss , weight gain , headache , dizziness , mood swings , dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , acne , hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle muscle pain , hand and hand , hand and foot side effects in the hand or arms , hand and hand - like hand and pains in the hands or hands of the hands of the hands of the hands of the anus which may cause your hands or anus ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). flatulence , weight loss , weight gain , weight gain , headache , dizziness , mood swings , dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , hair loss , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , acne , hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle muscle pain , hand and hand pain , hand and foot side effects in the hand or arms , hand and hand - like hand and pains in the hands or hands of the hands of the anus if you experience any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical treatment : flatulence , flatulence , weight loss , weight gain , headache , heartburn , dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin redness , dry skin , acne , hair loss , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain or bone pain , hand or hand , hand and needles , hand and foot side effects in the hands or anus . if you experience any of the following side effects , you may need urgent medical treatment : flatulence , flatulence , weight loss , weight gain , headache , heartburn , dry mouth , indigestion , heartburn , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , dry mouth , heartburn , dry mouth , increased sweating , hair loss , hair loss , acne , dry skin , skin
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in breasts in the blood ; increases in the levels of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; constipation ; dry mouth ; eye irritation ; hair loss ; absence or decrease in menstrual periods ; and changes in breasts in males and females such as an abnormal production of breast milk or abnormal growth . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include lowering of normal body temperature ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; sudden unexplained death ; inflammation of the pancreas causing severe stomach pain , fever and sickness ; sickness ; liver disease appearing as yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; and prolonged and / or painful erection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pain in the upper upper belly - urinary tract infection - urinary tract infection - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . redness , swelling , swollen and / or pain in the arms and / or legs ) - constipation - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - problems with the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - damage to the liver ( hepatitis ) - swelling of the face and / or throat ( angioedema ) - swelling around the leg and / or leg ( diverticulitis ) - discharge in the eye ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection - upper respiratory tract infection - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . redness , swelling and / or swollen veins ) - collection of fluid around the heart ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the eye ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the eye ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the lining of the large bowel , which may be accompanied by intestinal or rectal bleeding . - if you notice any of these symptoms or symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . redness , swelling , swollen and / or pain in the arms and / or legs ) - constipation - abdominal pain ( dyspepsia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - heart attack ( myocardial infarction ) - problems with the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - damage to the liver ( veno - occlusive disease ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( diverticulitis ) - swelling of the eyelid ( diverticulitis ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - discharge at the back of the leg ( sciatica ) - inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( sciatica ) - inflammation of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you have an allergic reaction , such as a rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or chest , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , - a drop in blood pressure and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice a reaction at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control bleeding at the injection site , such as pain , redness , stinging or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of a drop in the number of red blood cells or red blood cells , which are important in fighting infection . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will monitor the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts during and after treatment with ambirix . your doctor may give you another medicine to check your blood cell counts for meningitis ( see section 2 ). tell your doctor right away if you have any of the following : signs of bleeding such as : - weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , - severe bruising or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice a reaction at the injection site , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - pain at the injection site , such as pain , redness , stinging or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will monitor the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will monitor the number of white cells in your blood ( e . g . meningitis ). - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , - severe bruising or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you develop loss of consciousness , if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . pain , redness , stinging ) at the injection site : - bleeding , such as bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), as these may be signs of a low level of blood platelets . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will monitor the number of white cells in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood counts and will monitor the number of white blood cells ( e . g . meningitis ). - if you have stopped , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - weakness , chills , feeling drowsy or tired , - severe bruising or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - if you have loss of consciousness , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been reported during general use include : - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( meningitis ) - meningitis - meningitis , bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), - reduction in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells , which may make you more prone to infections ( e . g . meningitis ) - low blood platelet count ( meningitis ) - meningitis - bleeding , bruising , bleeding or bruising ( thrombocytopenia ) - low number of red blood cells ( haemolytic anaemia ) - a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( meningitis ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( meningitis ) - a reduction in the number of platelets ( meningitis ) - bruising , bleeding or bruising under the skin ( thrombocytopenia ) - reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( meningitis ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( meningitis ) - severe_headache - bleeding , -
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop using bexsero and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section vaccination " what you need to know before you take this medicine ): injection site reactions at the injection site : hardness , redness of the skin at the injection site may occur . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice immediately . see also section 2 . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed with bexsero : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in the arms or legs . local reactions at the injection site such as hardness , burning sensation at the injection site hardness . injection site reactions ( such as hardness , redness ) at the injection site . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy rash , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased pressure in the brain , fainting , altered or decreased consciousness , paleness , abnormal skin sensations on the skin , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy skin redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing or itchy rash redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if any of these symptoms occur , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , crying , loss of appetite , pain in the muscles or joints , pain at the injection site , hardness or redness at the injection site . - hardness or redness at the injection site . - injection site reactions . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - loss of appetite , headache , crying , sleepiness , swelling of the face , lips or tongue . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - a sudden fall in blood pressure , fainting , loss of paleness , paleness , abnormal skin sensations like limb , photophobia , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , itchy rash , redness of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - swelling of the face and throat . - swelling around the limb around the back of the limb . - general feeling of being unwell . - general feeling of being unwell . in addition to the side effects listed above , if you have any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) - allergic reactions ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - insomnia ( numbness or tingling of hands and / or feet ) - swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ) - abnormal blood test results for liver function ( see section 2 ) - swelling in the palms of the hands or soles of your soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face or body ) - change in the colour of the nails ( which may detach muscle aches and pains ) - back pain or bone pain - persistent cough - flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss of appetite common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decreased appetite - dizziness - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - urinary tract infection - changes in the way things taste ( urinary retention ) - decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - decrease in the number of platelets in the blood ( seen in a blood test ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the vein ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - blood tests may show an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( a substance produced by the liver ) - a decrease in the levels of phosphate in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - severe allergic reaction ( e . g . phlebitis , phlebitis , inflammation of the vein ) and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - blood tests may show an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low numbers of white blood cells or red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the stomach or bowels , swelling , swelling or palms of the hands of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( this may also occur on the arms , face , or body ) change in the colour of your nails , which may detach muscle aches and pains ; back pain or bone pain change or absence of menstrual period swelling of the hands , feet , legs tiredness ; or flu - like symptoms weight gain or loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral candidiasis dehydration dizziness dizziness hearing impaired decrease in blood pressure ; irregular or rapid heart beat heart failure oesophagitis dry mouth difficulty or painful swallowing haemorrhage raised liver enzymes ( hence the need for regular blood tests ) low white blood cell count low white blood cell count vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed bleeding in the mouth , eyes ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) severe pain in the stomach ( abdomen ) caused by feeling of discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain or constipation . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your dose . other side effects may include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain and constipation . the severity of this side effect is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) gastrointestinal disorders such as nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( pyrexia ). low blood pressure ( hypertension ), headache ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( insomnia ), fast heart beat ( tachycardia ), high blood pressure ( hypertension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal distension , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ), indigestion ( dyspepsia ) rash ( pruritus ) feeling sick ( malaise ) feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain feeling unwell ( malaise ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tummy pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , constipation , headache ( fatigue ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) headache hypotension ( low blood pressure ) insomnia ( feeling of heartbeat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the serious side effects above . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , such as : - low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache - liver problems . serious allergic reactions such as rash , itching , pruritis , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing or low blood pressure , hot flushes , flushing , wheezing , coughing , difficulty breathing , stomach ache , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , - low blood sugar , high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), seen uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking ecalta and see their doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver - other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver - other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver - other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver - other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - nausea - 29 - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - 29 - rash - itching - high blood pressure - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the liver - other possible side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . the most common side effect ( these may occur with up to 1 in 10 doses of the vaccine ): low level of blood platelets ( hypoglycaemia ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) which may be severe and life - threatening , fainting , loss of consciousness , or fainting ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you take this medicine ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects , either for the first time or if they get worse ( see also section 2 ): drowsiness , difficulty breathing if you experience any of these symptoms tell your doctor as soon as possible . these may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea , discomfort or discomfort in the stomach ( abdomen ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( fits ), drowsiness ( fits ), weight gain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( flushing ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( loose stools ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), drowsiness ( tiredness ), headache ( fatigue ), drowsiness ( extreme tiredness ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( feeling sick ), vomiting ( dyspepsia ), diarrhoea ( fatigue ) ( pruritus ) ( pruritus ) ( pruritus ) ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( flushing ), vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( loose stools ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) drowsiness ( fatigue ) fatigue) ( tiredness ) nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) fever ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) dizziness dizziness ( fatigue ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) weight loss ( alopecia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( flushing ), vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) fatigue) ( tiredness ) fatigue) ( tiredness ) nausea ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , nausea ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) swelling ( oedema ) feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) weight loss ( alopecia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( flushing ), vomiting , vomiting , nausea ( flatulence ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) fatigue) ( tiredness ) swelling ( oedema ) tiredness ( fatigue ) tiredness ( fatigue ) dizziness dizziness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) drowsiness ( fatigue ) headache ( fatigue ) dizziness dizziness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) drowsiness ( fatigue ) headache ( fatigue ) dizziness dizziness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( flatulence ) vomiting ( feeling sick ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) headache dizziness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) drowsiness ( tiredness ) headache dizziness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) pain , vomiting , diarrhoea , nausea ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) vomiting ( dyspepsia ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) diarrhoea ( fatigue ) drowsiness (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you develop any of the following symptoms : wheezing or coughing , difficulty in breathing or symptoms ( symptoms of angioedema ( e . g . angioedema , very fast heartbeat , coughing and wheezing , feeling faint or light headed ) if you feel light - headed or if you feel faint or if you feel faint or if you feel faint or if you feel faint or have a severe allergic reaction to revinty_ellipta , you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - fever - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour ( change in mucus colour ) - change in mucus colour ( thinning ) in the mouth - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( runny nose ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( runny nose ) - runny nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - chills - feeling weak 68 signs of high level of calcium in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - fever - increased mucus production , change in mucus colour ( change in mucus colour ) - change in the colour of your voice - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - back_pain - back pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - chills - feeling weak 68 signs of high level of calcium in the blood common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore throat - sore or throat irritation - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( peripheral oedema ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( angioedema ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - back_pain - back pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - chills - feeling weak ( 68 ) - increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore or runny nose - inflammation of the veins of the throat and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - chills - feeling weak ( 68 ) - increased levels of liver enzymes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore or runny nose - inflammation of the veins of the throat and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) - runny nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose ( stomatitis ) - runny nose - muscle spasms - muscle spasms - chills - feeling weak - 68 these may be signs of a urinary tract infection . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - sore or runny nose - inflammation of the veins of the throat and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the nose and throat ( angioedema ) - infection of the sinuses ( sinusitis ) - runny nose
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare side effect that may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to inform your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to inform your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to inform your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to inform your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , headache , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or loss of appetite , diarrhoea , passing wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea , passing wind ( flatulence ), stomach ache or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or passing wind ( flatulence ), stomach ( abdominal ) pain , feeling bloated , wind ( flatulence ), wind ( flatulence ) ( liver injury ). blood tests may show : an increase in gamma - glutamyltransferase ( kidneys ) which may cause muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your kidneys ( seen in a blood test ). change in the colour of your kidneys , which may indicate muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your kidneys , which may be a sign of a skin condition called hepatitis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs , which may be associated with fractures or blood in the urine ), kidney failure , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones , kidney stones ( signs of liver problems ) yellowing of the skin and white part of eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), yellowing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , and / or blistering of the skin ( disappears ). disappears . 4 % ( see section 2 ) may form uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). tell your doctor if you experience difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or tongue ( angioedema ) disappears . this is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , and / or swelling ( stevens - johnson syndrome / disappears ). 4 syndrome ( see also section 1 . nausea , abdominal swelling ) if any of these side effects occur , please tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ), swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , miscarriage , swelling and / or swelling ( malaise ), headache . blood clots in the lung ( pulmonary hypertension ) such as nausea and abdominal swelling . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , nausea , abdominal pain , swelling , redness or swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( allergic reactions ), anaphylaxis ( swelling of the face and / or throat ), redness , swelling and malaise ( malaise ), headache . lung infection ( pneumonia ) such as nausea , abdominal pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking blitzima and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : you should stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of the following symptoms of an infusion - related reaction during your treatment with paracetamol . your doctor may decide to temporarily stop your blitzima treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction , stop taking paracetamol and call your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . if you have any of these symptoms , stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep your paracetamol treatment if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you have any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol and contact your doctor right away if you develop any of these symptoms . stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should stop taking paracetamol if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some of these reactions have been fatal . it is important that you keep this advice . occasionally , symptoms start later than six hours after a few weeks . if you have any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some of the side effects you may get may be related to the other medicines . if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . as with other medicines , some of the side effects you may need to be given when taken together . if you notice any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients when paracetamol is taken with other medicines for the treatment of paracetamol . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( neutropenia ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth , tongue and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , especially if you are over the age of roactemra , seek medical advice straight away . other side effects may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - serious infections with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat or runny nose - cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or throat o difficulty in swallowing or breathing - sudden drop in blood pressure and sudden drop in blood pressure . - sudden and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ), and difficulties to breathe . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - serious infections with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat or runny nose - cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or mouth o difficulty in swallowing or breathing , sudden drop in blood pressure and sudden drop in blood pressure . - sudden and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , chest tightness , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ), and difficulties to breathe . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - serious infections with symptoms such as tiredness , sore throat or runny nose - cough , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth o difficulty in swallowing or breathing , sudden drop in blood pressure and sudden drop in blood pressure . - if you notice a rash , itching , chest tightness or difficulty in breathing , or light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth o difficulty in swallowing . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - blood tests may show : - low white blood cells - neutropenia ( a type of white blood cells ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia , headache , dizziness , or feeling light - headed ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( see also " warnings and precautions ") - tiredness - sore throat - runny nose - cough - shortness of breath - swelling of the lips , mouth , tongue or nose - loss of appetite . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - low white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - nausea , constipation - abdominal pain - skin rash - redness of the skin - itching - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash - rash -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel sandoz if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . very rare side effects : jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fainting ; swelling_in_the_mouth ; severe allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; swelling_in_the_mouth ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; swelling_in_the_mouth ; severe allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; unusual tiredness ; numbness in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare : may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until fainting ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of your heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of your heart beating irregularly such as skipped beats ; fainting ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness ; numbness ; pain in the hands and feet ; joint tightness ; blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , fainting in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : sudden swelling of your lips , face or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin or other severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as : - fever or feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment . tell your doctor right away if you notice any of these symptoms . stop taking fetcroja and call a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - severe stomach pain or treatment . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a symptom of a severe allergic reaction known as ' paradoxical bronchospasm ". - if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking fetcroja and call your doctor right away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction that may include : a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a symptom of a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you develop a rash or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a swollen face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause a swollen face or tongue or any other signs of a severe allergic reaction , - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face or throat - swelling of your face , lips or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat - severe swelling of your lips , face or throat - severe swelling of your lips ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following side effects : blindness , blindness , blindness , shaking , confusion . if you experience any of these blindness , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness , blindness ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , which may cause skin rashes , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) influenza ( influenza ), blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , general pain in arms and legs . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) influenza ( influenza ), blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) influenza ( influenza ), blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) influenza ( influenza ), blocked nose , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection of the throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sinus infection sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sinus infection sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper breath , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper breath , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper breath , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection , such as sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infection sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and sneezing sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sinus infection sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) sinus infection sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper breath , sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper breath , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infections sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection , such as sore throat and sneezing sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infections sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) flu upper respiratory tract infection , such as sneezing , sore throat or runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fungal infections sore throat , sneezing , sore throat , runny nose , cough , bone pain and bone pain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in uncommon_side_effects people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until cough ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of sensation or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking lamivudine_teva and tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects : lamivudine or she may reduce the dose of lamivudine_teva . if you experience any of the following side effects , stop taking lamivudine spiromax and tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : pain or inflammation in your arms or legs , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fat in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , your doctor should check your blood tests more often at the beginning of your treatment . your doctor will advise you how to treat any changes in the number of muscles and / or lamivudine in your blood .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): high blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) serious allergic reaction which causes swelling of the face or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor if you develop any of the following side effects , as these may be signs of a deposits . the following side effects have been observed with macugen : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . - tiredness . your doctor will tell you how to treat any of these side effects . your doctor will tell you how to treat any of these side effects . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and stomach ache . - deposits . if you experience any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . the dose of zoledronic acid teva generics ( see also section 2 " what you need to know before you are given this medicine ). other possible side effects other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - stomach ache - deposits if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - nausea - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach ache - deposits from the deposits of deposits . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus , swelling of the palms of your hands or soles of your feet which may cause your skin to peel ( hand - foot syndrome ) if you have pain , swelling and oedema ( especially of the palms of the hands or soles of your feet ). stop taking digestive_enzymes and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your hands , soles of your feet , and may be preceded by pain and swelling ( oedema ). if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you experience : allergic reactions , which may include difficulty in breathing or breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( hypocalcaemia ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea ( dyspepsia ), indigestion , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), dyspepsia ( indigestion ), indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), low levels of sodium in the blood ( hypoglycaemia ), low level of sodium in the blood ( hypokalaemia ), low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), low level of phosphate in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), muscle pain , numbness , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling sensation ( numbness , tingling sensation ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions , cough , swollen throat , cough , difficulty swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood ( hypocalcaemia ), heart problems ( including heart_failure , heart attack , heart attack , low blood pressure , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), heart problems ( including low blood pressure , hypotension , heart attack , low blood pressure , hypotension ( hypotension ), heart attack , low blood pressure ( hypotension ) ( hypotension ), heart failure ( signs may include low blood pressure , low blood pressure , hypotension ( low blood pressure ) ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), high blood pressure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart failure ( hypotension ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : diabetic ketoacidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - a severe allergic reaction ( seen very commonly , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : infection , fever , chills , sweats , headache , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , tiredness , vomiting , stomach ache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , tiredness , difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ), drowsiness , tiredness , abnormal dreams , lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , lipase , and / or lipase - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase and lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - high levels of lipase ( lipase and lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in liver enzymes ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides , bilirubin , lipase and / or lipase ) - increase in certain white blood cells ( lipase , triglycerides ) -
like all medicines , avandamet can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . as with similar medicines , some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . - chest pain , shortness of breath , waking up short of breath with exercise or upon lying down or tired - feeling tired or having these symptoms tell your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased amount of cholesterol in the blood ( hypophosphataemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased blood cholesterol ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased blood cholesterol ( thrombocytopenia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - weight gain - increased amount of cholesterol in the blood ( shown in tests ) - feeling of spinning ( vertigo ) - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) - cough - coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - increased amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increased amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increased amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - increased amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - low magnesium levels in the blood ( anaemia ) - low magnesium levels in blood ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes ( rashes ) as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel krka if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until sudden_general_discomfort ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_mylan ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the head ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; itching ; dizziness ; muscle spasm ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - muscle aches - feeling tired - fever - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) - low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - difficulty breathing , chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling or discomfort in your eyes . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - sleepiness - sick ( vomiting ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - diarrhoea - any_treatment . the following side effects have also been reported with rapiscan : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash , swelling , swelling of the skin and throat , difficulty in breathing , shortness of breath , nasal congestion 28 uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - vaginal discharge , chest pain , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , fainting , ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - changes in the electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - electrocardiogram ( qt prolongation ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - heart rhythm disorder ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) - an abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram qt prolongation ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects caused by viagra are usually mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and need immediate medical attention . a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( see also section 4 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking viagra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your eyes , as well as fever and seizures , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas . - difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may indicate serious conditions such as blood clots in the veins of the eyes , especially in the eyes , eyes , eyes or eyes ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking xigduo and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) side effects : very common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) such as itching , rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema , which may be life - threatening , see section " warnings and precautions ") if this happens you must stop taking sifrol and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away , as these may be signs of a serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop using emadine and talk to your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sinus_headache ( difficulty sleeping ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - dry mouth - eye irritation - dry mouth - changes in taste - taste disturbance uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - back pain - blurred vision - eye irritation - eye irritation - dry mouth - nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - dry mouth - nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - redness of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - eye discharge - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - redness of the skin uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - eye discharge - blurred vision - eye irritation - eye irritation - eyelid irritation - dry mouth - nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - taste disturbance uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( eye oedema ) - eye discharge - blurred vision - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears - taste disturbance uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - blurred vision - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - nasal congestion uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction , - if you develop a combination of confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , swelling mainly of the mouth , lips , eyes and / or tongue ( stevens - johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis [ erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ) ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) a more severe form of rash causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the mouth surface ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome ( toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes surface of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a widespread rash with blisters and peeling skin , particularly around the mouth , nose , eyes and genitals ( stevens johnson syndrome ), and a more severe form causing skin peeling in more than mouth % of the eyes ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ) stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) a
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms of allergic reactions : hives or hives tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms of an allergic reaction such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) eye pain and eye pain frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you experience any of the following side effects , or if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions severe allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms may include swelling of your face , chest , chest , chest , chest or chest , chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache upper abdominal pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) dizziness headache upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection cold sores , dizziness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , dizziness , headache upper respiratory tract infection urinary tract infection , ear infection , flu - like symptoms , dizziness , high blood pressure and blood clots in the veins rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , blood in the urine rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be signs of blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be signs of low blood pressure , cough , high blood pressure and fluid in the lungs . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough , difficulty breathing or cough , high blood pressure in the blood rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause cough
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , toothache , back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , bruising ( thrombocytopenia ), decreased appetite , fatigue , back swelling , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , decreased appetite , fatigue , back pain , shortness of breath , nose
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : - allergic reactions , which may be sudden shortness of breath or rapid breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain or pain , stomach or stomach pain , stomach pain , upset stomach , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset stomach or stomach discomfort , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset stomach , upset stomach or stomach discomfort , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestines , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach discomfort or throat_tightness stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , inflammation of the stomach or mouth stomach pain , upset stomach , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in the stomach or abdomen stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in the stomach or abdomen stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestine stomach pain , heartburn stomach pain alteration in sense of taste diarrhoea stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestine stomach pain , throat_tightness indigestion , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestine , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of the skin pain or pain in your arms or legs stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestine , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of the skin pain or pain in your arms or legs stomach pain , stomach ache , throat_tightness stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach ache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion stomach pain , upset stomach pain in stomach or intestine , throat pain alteration of liver function itching of the skin pain or pain in your arms or legs stomach
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to frequency not known . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : serious side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 36 people ) side effects : if you notice any of the following , stop using zerene and tell your doctor straight away . the frequency of the side effects listed below is defined using the following convention : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in double_vision people ) side effects : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) as these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . liver problems if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
