like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your your_treatment . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start zinbryta . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions ( including death ) death . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , including dry and itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ) runny nose sore throat or coughs , colds , upper respiratory tract colds , sore throat and runny nose ( pharyngitis ) dry skin , pharyngitis , dry or paleness , abnormal blood tests , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose hair loss ( alopecia ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) or dry skin ( erythema ). dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin ( possible signs of liver_problems ) dry skin , nail disorders such as pharyngitis ( dry eyes , upset or runny nose and sore throat , pharyngitis , dry skin , dark urine , liver or liver failure , liver injury including liver failure , or liver failure , including hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you get any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis , colds . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , including dry and itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ) runny nose , sore throat and pharyngitis ( bronchitis ), upper respiratory tract colds , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), dry nose , sore throat or pharyngitis , dry or paleness , abnormal blood tests , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose and sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) or dry skin ( pharyngitis ) or dry skin ( erythema ). dry mouth , upset stomach , upset or runny nose and sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ) or dry skin ( erythema ). dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin ( possible signs of liver_problems ) dry skin , nail disorders ( such as pharyngitis ) dry skin , upset or runny nose , sore throat ( pharyngitis ), dry skin , dark_urine , dry or paleness , abnormal blood tests , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach , upset or runny nose , pharyngitis , dry or paleness , abnormal blood tests , diarrhoea , stomach pain , upset stomach or upset stomach , upset or runny nose , pharyngitis , dry or dry skin , nail disorders , liver problems , liver function tests and liver failure , including hepatitis b reactivation . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): nasopharyngitis ( see above ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): skin reactions , dry , itchy skin , skin infection ( folliculitis ) runny nose , sore throat and coughs , colds and upper respiratory infections , herpes infections , sore throat and runny nose ( nasopharyngitis ), dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by biktarvy or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with hypoglycaemia ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). if such symptoms occur , speak to a doctor straight away , if you notice any of the following symptoms : swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) itchy rash or rash other side effects include : a common side effect ( these may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): symptoms include swelling , swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) such as itchy rash and rash . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following : increased liver enzymes in your blood : increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you experience symptoms such as rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . with symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypoglycaemia ( very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include swelling , swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) such as itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin , rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes in your liver . symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . hypoglycaemia ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): symptoms include swelling , swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) such as itchy skin , rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itchy skin rash , rash other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms include : swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , sweating , anaphylactic shock , itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the following symptoms : rash , itchy skin rash , rash other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ) is a very common side effect . these may affect more than 1 in 10 people . symptoms include : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( signs of anaphylactic reaction ) itchy rash or rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . if you have symptoms of rash , itchy skin or rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor will explain these to you . hypoglycaemia ( very common : may
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : a few patients have experienced these serious side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). if such symptoms occur , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . the other side effects that have been experienced by some patients taking pumarix : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , pain , feeling sick or being sick ( stomach pain , muscle spasms or joint pain , joint pain or swelling , or a tingling sensation ) swelling or a hard lump where the hand - was feeling dizzy or being sick ( stomach pain or feeling sick ) stomach pain , muscle spasms or joint pain , injection site pain , redness , itching , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain or muscle pain , injection site pain , redness , itching , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection was given feeling dizzy feeling sick ( sick ), stomach pain muscle spasms , joint pain , muscle spasms or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given feeling dizzy , being sick , stomach pain , muscle spasms , joint pain or pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given , such as itching or bruising at the injection site . skin rashes , joint pain muscle spasms , pain including redness , itching or swelling a reaction where the injection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as itching , difficulty breathing , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or stinging , the most common symptoms of cancer and cannot be serious . the most frequent side effects of somakit_toc are cancer at the end of this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . hypersensitivity reactions . ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). if you have symptoms such as itching , difficulty breathing , swelling , itching , difficulty breathing or stinging , tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to feet . your doctor will test your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any of the side effects gets severe or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet . your doctor may give you other medicines to help control your side effects . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or temporarily discontinue your treatment with afinitor . other side effects : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers due to infections ( extreme bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nausea , abdominal pain or jaundice , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine or dark urine , dark urine or dark urine , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , dark urine , dark coloured urine , dark urine or yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , loss of appetite , nausea , fever , chills , tiredness , feeling weak , headache and nausea . these side effects can become severe . your doctor may do blood tests before and during your treatment with afinitor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), mouth sweat , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and nausea . these side effects can become severe ; therefore , it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or discontinue your treatment with afinitor . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in increased blood pressure ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesia ), fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and low number of liver enzymes . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people infections , reduced number of platelets , bruising , bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin ( anaemia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , uncontrolled tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes in the blood . not known : it is not known how often these side effects occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in excessive bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin ( anaemia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , uncontrolled tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , weight loss , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , increased liver enzymes in the blood . uncommon : fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness , high liver enzymes , liver enzymes , loss of appetite , extreme tiredness , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and low number of liver enzymes . in the blood . the following side effects may occur : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , reduced number of platelets which may result in excessive bruising or bleeding ( thrombocytopenia ), pale skin ( anaemia ), pale skin , weakness , breathlessness , trouble sleeping , dizziness , tiredness , increased appetite , nausea ( dyspepsia ), nail disorder , weight loss , loss of appetite , uncontrolled movements ( dyskinesia ), fever , chills , feeling weak and tiredness ( dyspepsia ), decreased levels of sodium , weight loss , loss of appetite , pain in arms or legs , fever , chills , feeling weak , tiredness and low number of liver enzymes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : tell your doctor immediately : - if you experience any of the following symptoms : - a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat ; - coughing , wheezing , coughing and wheezing ; - blood in the urine ; - an increase in the amount of fat in the blood in the blood ; - high blood pressure , which may make you feel collapse or coughing which may lead to collapse . if you have a serious allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - sore throat - runny nose - feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( sinusitis ) - headache - headache - pain in the upper chest or back - dry mouth - increased sweating uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - irregular heart beat ( tachycardia ) - faster heart beat ( tachycardia ) - rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - blurred vision - changes in vision - changes in the colour of your eyes ( this may be signs of glaucoma ) - difficulty passing urine these may be signs of a bladder obstruction or urinary retention . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - dizziness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : serious allergic reaction ( serious allergic reaction ) - swelling of the face , throat or tongue - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory infections - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - a severe rash with difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps other side effects include : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - upper respiratory tract infection - diarrhoea - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - skin rash - hives - allergic reaction - skin rash - hives - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - difficulty breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - serious allergic reaction which may include
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as headaches , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , light - headedness , fainting , nausea , vomiting , headaches , tiredness , back pain , joint pain , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in your arms or legs , bone pain or bruising , fluid retention in your legs or arms , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) skin rashes ( including joint pain , joint pain , bruising , discolouration or discolouration of the skin ), fluid in the chest , nose bleeds , decreased blood pressure , decreased appetite , nausea and vomiting ( decreased appetite ), 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), muscle pain ( myalgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), bone and joint pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness , tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), bone and joint pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness , tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( carpal tunnel syndrome ), nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , pain in the limbs ( arthralgia ), bone and joint pain , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin , fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention ( oedema ), pain in the arms or legs , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and bone pain ( myalgia ), bone pain , bone pain , leakage of urine , bruising or discolouration of the skin ( conjunctivitis ), fluid retention , nose bleeds , nausea , vomiting , decreased appetite , 36 tiredness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fluid retention ( fainting ), swelling of the face ( hands and feet ), joint pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain ( arthralgia ), bone pain
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bruising . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and bleeding . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) inability to get or maintain an erection feeling of burning in and around the vagina headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of irritation or pins and needles in the arms and legs ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling of irritation or pins and needles in the arms and legs ( palmar - plantar erythrodysaesthesia syndrome ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local irritation of the stomach or intestine ( oral candidiasis ) sleepiness discomfort in the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal irritation ) irritation in the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) irritation in the stomach or intestine wall of stomach juices in the stomach or intestine ( gastroenteritis ) alteration in the colour of the tongue reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this occurs in the first site . - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel bgr if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus mellitus , increased sex drive , difficulty sleeping , dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , passing gas , indigestion , passing gas , abdominal pain or discomfort , passing wind , abdominal pain or discomfort , loose stools , liver enzymes abnormal liver function tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of all types of blood cells , abnormal blood test results , increased blood levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests , hallucination , altered mood , depression , hallucination , panic attack , temporary loss of consciousness , trembling , tingling or numbness of the skin , numbness of the hands or feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye_disorders eyes , eye pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye infection , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in your eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , dilation of blood vessels , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in your eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing halos around lights , bleeding in the eyelids , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , sudden decrease in blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , coughing up blood , reduced blood pressure , bleeding , bleeding in your eyes , reduced blood pressure , bleeding or haemorrhage of the blood vessels in the lung , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the nose , throat or sinuses , bleeding in the lung , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the lung , coughing up blood , pain or discomfort in your arms and legs , weight gain , increased sweating , night sweats swelling of the hands , feet or legs ( peripheral oedema ), lack / loss of strength , fever , collection of fluid in your body , pain and discomfort , increase of the enzyme alkaline phosphatase in your blood , weight gain , feeling of temperature disturbed - insufficient function of your transplanted organ uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): changes in blood clotting , reduction in the number of blood platelets , abnormal blood clotting , increase in blood creatinine levels , increase in white blood cell count , changes in blood cell counts ( seen in blood tests ), hallucination , disturbances in perception of self , depression , hallucination , panic attack , temporary loss of consciousness , trembling , tingling , sensation of tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet , dizziness , impaired writing ability , nervous system disorders , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye disorders , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye infection , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , small particles or spots in your vision ( floaters ), ear pain , seeing flashes of light , reduced or increased blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , reduced blood pressure on standing up which may lead to bleeding disorders , small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain or inside your heart , coughing up blood , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain or inside your heart , coughing up blood , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain or inside the heart , coughing up blood , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain or inside the heart , coughing up blood , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , feeling of bleeding in the throat , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , reduced sharpness of vision , bleeding in the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , seeing flashes of light , change in vision , bleeding in the eye , small particles or spots in your vision , blood clots in the veins especially in your legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), bleeding in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people - this is a sign of infection . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_zentiva . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a sore throat ) low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea diarrhoea_nausea skin rash flaking tiredness tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea heartburn skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea diarrhoea_nausea heartburn skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea diarrhoea_nausea diarrhoea diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low white blood cells low haemoglobin level pain , redness , swelling or sores in your mouth loss of appetite vomiting diarrhoea nausea skin_rash diarrhoea rash skin rash flaking tiredness abnormal blood tests showing reduced functionality of kidneys fatigue ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection fever with low number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) low platelet count allergic reaction loss of energy inability to achieve or maintain an erection tingling in the hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ) swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the legs and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these side effects . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) infection_pharyngitis pharyngitis ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of the_allergic_reaction . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . the signs may include : fever , shortness of breath , wheezing or other breathing difficulty , dizziness , headache , joint pain , back pain , fever , nausea ( fatigue ), sudden swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , shortness of breath , wheezing , sudden shortness of breath or wheezing , which may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 10 patients in injection ) include : headache , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , chest tightness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and dizziness , headache , joint swelling , back pain , fever , nausea , fatigue , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause shortness of breath or wheezing , sudden drop in blood pressure and shortness of breath . if you experience any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . the most common side effect ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) are : headache , swelling , tenderness , headache , dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) and an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( affects 7 to 7 years of patients ): severe allergic reaction ( rash , hives ), generally feeling unwell . these reactions are more likely to happen in a few days to a few weeks of 7 . the following side effects have been reported in clinical trials in adolescents aged 7 to 7 years . the side effects listed below have been observed with immunogam : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , fever , fatigue ( nausea ) and dizziness . the most common side effect ( affects 1 to 7 patients in 100 ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) and allergic reactions ( the most common side effect , that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) and an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) and an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) and an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) an allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the vaccine ): allergic reaction ( e . g . rash , hives , generally feeling unwell ) allergic reaction ( the most common side effect that may affect up to 7 in 7 doses of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an infection such as fever , breathing difficulties , difficult or high breathing , cough , breathing difficulties , or breathing difficulties , which may be signs of a blood clot in your fever , bleeding or bruising , bleeding from the gums , nose , mouth or genitals and pancreatitis ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful mouth - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to treatment . - skin rash or blisters - like symptoms may be treated with infusion and can be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : chills or sweating - skin rash . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your skin , or a different type of skin reaction called toxic epidermal necrolysis ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you experience a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . blisters and / or swelling of the skin , eyes , mouth , face , lips , tongue or throat , sometimes with a painful reddening or sores under the skin ), if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . - liver problems ( sometimes as yellowing of the skin and eyes , or dark - coloured urine ) - if you have previously been treated with remicade , you should tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following or combination of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful skin - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to treatment . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood counts and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : - chills or sweating - skin rash . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these reactions , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice a skin rash or ulcers in your mouth , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . - chills , sweating and skin rash . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by small pus - filled bumps that can spread over the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or peeling of the skin , with peeling of the skin , or dark - coloured urine ( see section mucous_membranes ' warnings and precautions '). - liver problems ( see section 2 ). - blood tests may show an increased level of liver enzymes . - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - pale or painful eyes - sore throat - headache - a change in your blood pressure on standing up which may lead to treatment . - skin rash and / or blisters on the skin . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : chills , sweating and skin rash . these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by chills and sweating - skin rash . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : - yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ( jaundice ) - liver damage , which may cause a skin rash with small red or purple spots caused by small bumps
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 24 common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): constipation , joint pain ( arthralgia ), musculoskeletal pain , joint pain , joint aching and painful joints ( myalgia ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal dreams , abnormal dreams , confusion , headache , constipation , nausea ( loss of appetite ), decreased appetite , constipation , dry mouth , nausea and constipation ( 24 - up of fluid in the blood ) in the blood . this may mean that you have an increase of liver enzymes . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): chest pain ( angina pectoris ). symptoms of which may include runny nose and throat irritation ( pancreatitis ), runny nose , runny nose ( rhinitis ) or nose bleed ( stomatitis ), runny nose , runny nose ( rhinitis ) or presence of blood in semen and / or urine , protein in the urine . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data slow heartbeat , confusion , hallucinations ( joint pain ), arthralgia ( joint pain ), joint pain , joint pain , painful joints swelling of hands , feet or legs ( oedema peripheral ), numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( carpal tunnel syndrome ) abnormal weight decreased weight decreased weight decreased weight increase . headache , abnormal dreams , constipation , dry mouth , swollen face , swollen lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) runny nose ( stomatitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleeds ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) nose bleed ( epistaxis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose inflammation of the mouth ( stomatitis ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis ) itchy skin ( pruritus ) runny nose ( rhinitis )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following or signs of low blood pressure , stop taking hulio and see a doctor immediately or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital . - difficulty in swallowing or breathing - these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing or swallowing - blood clots in your veins , especially in the lungs ( deep vein thrombosis ), which may be a sign of liver problems ) - muscle weakness , muscle spasms , muscle weakness , abnormal muscle sensations , or breakdown of muscle , kidney or muscle spasms , and kidney problems ( kidney problems ). 4 syndrome may also cause changes in kidney function which can be a sign of kidney problems . - blood clots in the veins especially in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). - signs and symptoms include blood in your urine , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , abnormal muscle sensations , or breakdown of muscle , and kidney problems ( kidney problems ). 4 syndrome may also cause changes in kidney function ( blood clots in the veins of the legs ). - signs and symptoms of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding without signs such as fever , feeling weak , tired or coughing , especially when standing up , feeling weak , wounds or wounds , dental problems , burning on urination or feeling weak or tired ; signs of tingling , tingling , numbness , double vision , arm or leg weakness , or a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak or wounds , which may be signs of infection of the lung or muscle spasms , feeling weak , tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision or arm or leg weakness , or a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , bleeding , bleeding or bleeding ; signs and signs of infection such as fever , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning_on_urination , dental problems , feeling weak , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination ; feeling weak or tired ; coughing ; tingling ; numbness ; double vision ; arm or leg weakness ; a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal ; signs and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions , which may include wheezing , breathing difficulties , symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing or feeling faint , low blood pressure , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing or breathing difficulties , which could be symptoms of a lung disorder , dizziness , breathing difficulties , wheezing or wheezing . these could be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( symptoms include nausea , vomiting , reflux or stomach_pain ), stomach pain , eye pain , severe swelling of the skin , breathing difficulties or wheezing , which could be symptoms of a serious allergic reaction . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick ( nausea ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , fatty_lumps , abnormal skin sensation or pain in your arms or legs , feeling hot , rash or itching of the skin increase in skin colour increase in sugar in your blood an increase in the level of sugar in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation , constipation , itching , fatty skin , fatty lumps or fatty lumps under the skin , feeling hot increase in blood pressure ( clot or increase of certain enzymes in your blood ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching , fatty skin , fatty tissue or fatty tissue from the skin , feeling hot or pain in the arms and legs , feeling hot , rash , itching of the skin , fatty lumps on the skin increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot of the blood creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation , itching , abnormal sensation in the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , itching of the skin , fatty lumps on the skin increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot ) in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching , abnormal sensation in the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot increase in blood pressure ( clot or increase of certain enzymes in your blood ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , fatty_lumps , flatulence , constipation , constipation , itching , abnormal sensation in the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , itching of the skin , fatty lumps on the skin increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot of the blood creatinine ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching , abnormal sensation in the skin , burning sensation or pain in the arms or legs , feeling hot , rash , itching of the skin , fatty lumps on the skin increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( clot ) in the blood uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dizziness , headache , insomnia , feeling sick , nausea , retching , constipation , reflux , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching_of_the_skin , indigestion , flatulence , constipation , itching , abnormal sensation in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , chest pain , shortness of breath , blisters , or peeling of the skin over or around the body ( toxic epidermal necrolysis ). heart attack , chest pain , shortness of breath or if you develop symptoms such as heart failure , shortness of breath , chest pain or fever , flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : fever , chest pain , shortness of breath or blisters , flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) tell your doctor if you have any of the following symptoms : - skin_rash , - chest pain or shortness of breath , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . - peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - heart problems - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - severe flu - like symptoms ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of skin rash , which may form blisters and looks like small targets ( central dark spots surrounded by a paler area , with a dark ring around the edge ) ( erythema multiforme ) ( see section " warnings and precautions ") other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters and peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - symptoms such as skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite - tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the arms or legs , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - symptoms such as skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - weight loss - decreased appetite - tired - shortness of breath - chest pain or discomfort - swelling of the arms or legs - peeling or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - blisters and peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - symptoms such as skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin - if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite - tired , shortness of breath , chest pain or discomfort , swelling of the arms or legs , peeling , blisters or peeling of the skin - stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in in 10 people ) - symptoms such as skin rash , blisters or peeling of the skin - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - tired or weight loss - decreased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . this radiopharmaceutical will deliver low amounts of ionising radiation associated with the least risk of cancer and hereditary abnormalities . the following side effects have been observed with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , increased sensitivity to light , change in vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 patients ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , changes in vision , decreased vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , changes in vision , decreased vision uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , increased sensitivity to light , pain , rash , pain in passing urine , decreased blood pressure . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , inability to get or maintain an erection , pain , rash , feeling of increased sensitivity to light , change in vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): rash , pain , changes in passing urine , increased sensitivity to light , pain , rash , increased sensitivity to light , change in vision . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): cancer under the blood vessels in the blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with axumin were : reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , drowsiness , difficult or irregular heartbeat , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tooth disorder ( fatigue ), back pain , frequent urination , nightmare , mood swings , nervousness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , abnormal thinking , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , memory impairment , tremor , difficulty in speaking , drowsiness , irritability , nervousness , feeling jittery , abnormal thinking , nightmare , memory impairment , tremor , difficulty in speaking , tremor . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , blocked or blocked nose , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in skin colour , eye pain , feeling unwell , ringing in the ears , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in extremity , feeling unwell , difficulty sleeping , loss of taste . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , upper respiratory tract infection , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , inflammation of the liver , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in the extremities , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , visual disturbances , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in colour of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): ear changes , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , visual disturbances , upper respiratory tract , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , pain in the extremities , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , visual disturbances , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , ringing in the ears , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , visual disturbances , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in colour of eye , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , changes in vision , eye pain , feeling unwell , feeling unwell . rare side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people nervousness or tremor , visual disturbances , upper respiratory tract infection , upset stomach , dry mouth , abnormal liver function , abnormal liver function , redness of skin , itching , itchy skin , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , eye pain , feeling unwell , eye pain , feeling unwell , ringing in the ears , itching , itchy skin , hair loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly reported adverse reactions of forxiga alone are : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : experience shaking , sweating , feeling very anxious or fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision or a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar and what to do if you have any of the above or combination of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or sweating . sweating feeling dizzy , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , a change in your mood or feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : thrush under the skin , irritation , itching , unusual discharge or odour , back pain , passing more water than usual or needing to pass water more often changes in the amount of cholesterol or fats in your blood , or increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment dizziness rash uncommon thirst constipation awakening from sleep at night to pass urine dry mouth weight decreased increases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) in the beginning of treatment increases in urea ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects , may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , respiratory tract infections , stomach pain , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of water retention ) and fatigue ( common side effects ), weight loss , hair loss ( usually insignificant ), anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking or burning , burning or burning burning , burning , itching or itching at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of low levels of phosphate in the blood , fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling and redness ) at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), muscle spasms , frequent urination ( signs of water retention ), fatigue ( chest discomfort ), injection site pain , feeling of fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling or redness at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( urinary incontinence ), fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling and redness , at the injection site weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , o rapid breathing , which may be signs of nausea , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , rash , dry skin , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination ( urinary incontinence ), fatigue , chest discomfort , pain , swelling and redness , reactions at the injection site , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , o rapid breathing , o rapid breathing , o swelling of the throat , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , o swelling of the hands , feet or other parts of the eyes ( joints ), back pain , low levels of potassium in the blood , weight loss , decreased appetite , anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , dizziness , drowsiness , tingling sensation , pricking , burning or numbness , burning , burning , burning sensation , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , upset stomach , indigestion , rash , hair loss , 28 muscle spasms , urinary tract infection ( fatigue ), chest discomfort , low appetite , weight loss common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , blood pressure , rapid breathing , swelling ( redness ) at the injection site , weight loss , hair loss . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): anxiety , depression , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , blocked nose , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing , rapid breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , flushing , skin rash , nasal congestion , discomfort , swelling , tongue or mouth skin rash , acne , skin_pain skin rash , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin_redness skin rash , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin_redness skin rash , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin_redness skin rash , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin_redness skin rash , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , acne , skin_redness skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin_pain skin skin , acne , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin_pain hair loss , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin_redness skin skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin redness , skin redness , acne , skin_redness skin skin
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to mvasi . contact your doctor if you develop any of the following : 65 or 65 , - fever , chills , shivering , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , chest pain which may be signs of an allergic reaction ( which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ) - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or weak - fever - chills - shivering - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - blood in the urine - faeces ( faeces ) - blood in your urine - bleeding from the vagina - blood in the urine - bleeding from the vagina - unusual bleeding or lump in the vagina - unusual bleeding or lesions_in_the_gums - pain or pain in your arms or legs these may be symptoms of an allergic reaction . - if you experience a rash , rash , shivering or difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , low blood pressure , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain - blood in the stool ( faeces ) - blood in your urine , bleeding from the vagina - blood in the urine or bleeding from the vagina - bleeding from the vagina - unusual bleeding or lesions_in_the_gums - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - blood in urine - faeces ( faeces ) - blood in your urine - bleeding from the vagina - lesions_in_the_gums injury - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - blood in urine - faeces ( faeces ) - blood in your urine - bleeding from the vagina - bleeding from the vagina - lesions_in_the_gums injury - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - pain in your arms or legs - abdominal pain - fever - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - sores ( sores ) in your stomach ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) or constipation . you may also have other side effects which may need urgent medical attention . - if you notice any of the following : signs and symptoms of abdominal pain , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop : fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . symptoms of difficulty breathing , breathlessness , altered breathing , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms : fever , chills or a tingling of hands , feet , face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or abdominal pain , nausea and vomiting , diarrhoea , decreased levels of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , fever , which can be a sign of an infection with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms could include : fever , chills , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including fever with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . a condition , such as fever , chills , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition known as posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including fever with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . sometimes with symptoms such as chills , chills , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome '. tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , decreased levels of consciousness , which may be a sign of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including fever with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as chills , chills , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome '. tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty swallowing , abdominal pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , decreased levels of consciousness , which may be a sign of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , including fever with symptoms such as chills , cough , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). symptoms could include : fever , chills , shortness of breath , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called " posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome '. tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , excessive sweating , sore throat or difficulty
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice a severe rash , or hives , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients taking sitagliptin have experienced the following side effects after starting sitagliptin : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood sugar , nausea , flatulence , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) stomach ache , diarrhoea , constipation , drowsiness ( stomach discomfort ), stomach upset , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , 64 , stomach discomfort , joint pain , back pain , muscle pain , leakage of milk from the breasts or in the leg , metformin or metformin , itching , rash , sensation of leg discomfort , leg pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you notice signs of your blood sugar being too low ( hypoglycaemia ), take action to increase your blood sugar level straight away ( see the box at the end of this leaflet ). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( see section " warnings and precautions "). hypoglycaemia ( low blood sugar ) can be very serious and is very common with pancreatic_enzymes treatment ( may affect more than glucose_tablets in a low blood sugar ). low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly take less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . drink alcohol ( see drinking alcohol and taking it ). low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of low blood sugar : cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick , feeling drowsy , feeling weak , your body gets high for high temperature it may be caused by an increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood sugar level and what to do if you have any of these signs and signs of low blood sugar : the high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to take your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or a fever . eat more than usual . exercise less than usual . warning signs of high blood sugar may include cold sweat , cool pale skin , headache , fast heartbeat , fast heartbeat , sweating , nausea , feeling sick , feeling drowsy , feeling weak , your body gets high for a short period of time . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the signs above . if you have a low blood sugar , eat glucose tablets or another high sugar snack ( e . g . sweets , biscuits , fruit juice ). measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to an_injection_of_glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugar snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to an_injection_of_glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to an_injection_of_glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar if possible and rest . always carry glucose tablets or high sugar snacks with you , just in case . when you are given glucagon , you will need sugar or a sugary snack as soon as you are conscious . if you do not respond to an_injection_of_glucagon treatment , you will have to be treated in a hospital . what to do if you experience low blood sugar , eat fluids tablets , a high sugar snack or drink fruit juice . measure your blood sugar level and your urine for ketones . get medical help straight away . test your urine or blood , follow your ' sick rules ', and tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of treatment with giotrif . your doctor may decide to stop your giotrif treatment if these side effects are severe . you should consult your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a fever , fever and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a fever , fever and a rash , which may appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , initially with fever , itching and swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - if you experience fever or any of the above symptoms : fever or mouth ulcers ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), which may be severe and could lead to fever . tell your doctor if you develop a rash , itching or swelling of your face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately , or go to the casualty department at your nearest hospital if you experience any of the following symptoms : rash , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , cough , abdominal pain , stomach or intestinal pain , nausea , loss of appetite , dark urine or yellowing of your liver or skin ( jaundice ), dark urine or rash . the other side effects have been observed with ivacaftor : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness and pain . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - loss of appetite ( nausea ) - abdominal pain - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abdominal pain - increased liver enzymes in the blood - increased liver enzymes shown in blood tests - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears - ear discomfort - changes in the way things taste - blood in the urine - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver function test abnormalities - reduced function of urine - increase in blood enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear sensory ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver disorder - reduced function of urine tests - increase in blood creatinine levels - increase in blood creatinine level - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver function test abnormalities - reduced function of urine - increase in the number of blood cells in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver failure - reduced function of urine tests - increase in the number of blood cells in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in blood tests ) - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - liver failure - reduced function of urine tests ( protein in the urine ) - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in blood tests ) - rash , raised levels of liver enzymes - increased liver enzymes in your blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - spinning sensation ( ear apnea ) - ear discomfort - presence of blood in the urine - abnormally low levels of red blood cells in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in blood creatinine ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - raised levels of liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - rash - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in blood tests ) - rash - yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in blood tests ) - rash
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as : - pale skin , feeling very thirsty - feeling very tired or swallowing - feeling very tired - nausea or diarrhoea - loss of appetite - symptoms include signs of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection or infection , such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness or symptoms of infection such as fever , feeling very tired , fast heart beat - dizziness symptoms of infection
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching and rapid heart rate , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , sweating , very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include irregular heartbeat , heart attack , fast heart beat , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . stop taking nyxoid . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , heart_attack , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness . tell your doctor immediately if you get these symptoms . these symptoms could be symptoms of itching , swelling or redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash , or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of itching , rash , swelling and redness . these symptoms can be symptoms of an heart attack , fast heart rate , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash , or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , vomiting , fever , shivering , shivering , dizziness , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , fast heart beat , low blood pressure , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , sweating , fever , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . talk to your doctor if you get symptoms such as itching , swelling , swelling or redness .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe allergic reactions , which may include : breathlessness , chest pain , drop in blood pressure , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face and / or sudden drop in blood pressure . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a hypersensitivity allergic reaction ( see section 2 " warnings and precautions "). very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - skin rash other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site - such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or throat . - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , redness , bruising , swelling and / or pain at the site of injection . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 under ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or throat . - if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '). - blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe allergic reactions , which may cause difficulty in breathing or chest pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or a severe rash . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - severe allergic reactions ( ohss ) have been reported . - if you experience chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under " blood clotting problems "). - blood clots in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ). not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also in section 2 under blood tests ) - blood clotting problems ( thromboembolic events ) sometimes independent of ohss may be found very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include difficulty breathing , chest pain or swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or a severe rash . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - severe allergic reactions ( ohss ) have been reported . - if you experience chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart attack ( see also section 2 under ' blood clotting problems '). - low blood levels ( hypoglycaemia ). - chest pain , breathlessness , stroke or heart
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - low blood sugar levels ( shown in blood tests ) - pain or swelling in your arms , legs or mouth - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your skin ) - very_fast_heartbeat ( see section 2 ) - sudden and severe pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . itchy skin , itchy , around the skin or skin ), as these may indicate serious conditions such as liver damage , itchy , red spots on the skin or skin , sometimes with a painful skin rash with itchy , red spots on the skin , liver or tissue damage , sometimes with severe skin reactions , itchy skin , red spots on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , liver_failure , red area on the skin that is covered with small red bumps ( erythema multiforme ). - serious skin reactions including itchy skin , red spots on the skin that appear under the skin as white pinpoint dots and / or skin lesions . - liver problems ( uncommon , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ), but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking voriconazole_accord and see their doctor immediately . - serious allergic reactions , such as pain and swelling of the face , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing , confusion , hallucinations , fever , chills , sleep disturbances , abnormal muscle sensations , changes in muscle tone , sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , severe breathing problems , very fast heartbeat , a fast heart rate , - sleepiness , headache , dizziness , breathing difficulties , very fast heartbeat , severe breathing problems , very fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , a fast heartbeat , breathing difficulties , or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing - blood clots in the veins of the legs or lungs , chest pain , low blood pressure , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , fever or other signs of severe allergic reactions ( liver failure ) - very rare : may affect up to 1 in 1000 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - serious deterioration of blood clots in the veins of the legs and lungs . there have been reports of increased bleeding in the brain . there have been reports of increased bleeding in the brain . there have been reports of increased bleeding in the brain . - if you notice any changes to your normal brain function , tell your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following : severe skin reactions , tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - severe skin problems such as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by confusion and / or red spots on the skin . - red skin , blistering of the lips , eyes or skin . - serious skin reactions including itchy skin , red skin with blisters on the skin , skin peeling , skin desquamation , itchy , red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , cutaneous vasculitis ( inflammation of the tissue around the skin ) - red area on the skin that is covered with small confluent bumps , with extensive detachment of the skin . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : 7 mg / ml ( 0 . 7 %) of 7 mg / ml ( 0 . 7 %) after 7 to 7 years . the following side effects have been observed with mvabea : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - redness , swelling and pain where the injection is given - itching - pain where the injection was given - itching - muscle pain or feeling very tired common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - warmth , warmth , redness where the injection is given - itching - injection site reactions ( see above ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection was given ( 17 ) to touch ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - swelling , warmth , redness or pain where the injection was given ( 17 than 17 cm ) - injection site reactions ( see above ) may occur . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking bondronat and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of your face , lips , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( e . g . severe skin reaction ). if you develop any of these symptoms , tell your doctor as soon as possible . the frequency of these severe side effects is common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , shivering , feeling of discomfort , fatigue , sore throat or mouth ulcers , - pain in the upper right side of your bone , as there may be a problem with your spleen ( enlargement of the spleen ( splenomegaly ) in your intestine ) or changes in your heart beat ( palpitations ) - low level of potassium in the blood , which may cause gout ( hyperuricaemia ) - fluid retention in your lungs - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high or low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious liver problems ( shown in blood tests ) - low blood pressure ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in the number of liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver called liver enzymes - shown in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that show changes in the way the liver is working ( shown in blood tests ) - increased liver enzymes in blood tests - increase in liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a substance produced by the liver not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blood tests that
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : wheezing or fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , or increase in mucus pressure or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore or painful palms or soles of the mouth , which may be a sign of a serious side effect of taking temybric_ellipta . blurred vision 37 if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : blurred vision 37 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) flu ( influenza ) pain in the back of the mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) bronchitis cold ( nasopharyngitis ) high blood pressure ( hypertension ) joint pain back pain constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat faster heart beat fractures ( fractures ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) blurred vision 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : anaphylaxis may cause swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat severe itching of the skin , with a red rash or raised bumps . some of these reactions can be serious and life - threatening . such reactions may be life - threatening . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) can be severe and could lead to anaphylaxis . contact your doctor if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) and a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) can be life - threatening . tell a doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped stopped . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following severe allergic reaction that may include : swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause great difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ). tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as hiv flu - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . stop using zinforo if you develop these symptoms and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . see also section 2 . the following side effects have been observed with zinforo : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - skin infection - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever ( sore throat ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation or itching where the injection is given - bruising - skin flu - flu - like symptoms - fever - sore throat uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain , pain , irritation , irritation or bruising where the injection is given - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) include : - very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and difficulty in breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , sudden decrease in blood pressure and sudden decrease in blood pressure and accelerated heartbeat . - blood clots in the veins of the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ). convulsions . changes in the recording of electrical changes ( ecg ) in the heart which correspond to heart rhythm disturbances . - muscle damage . breast discharge , abnormal breast growth , breast growth in males . - interrupted menstrual periods . - kidney failure . - reduced urine output and sudden death . - allergic reactions ( keratitis ). signs of allergic reactions ( which may include difficulty breathing , inflammation of the eyes ( keratitis ) and a serious skin reaction characterized by rash , blisters , peeling skin , fever , and loss of consciousness ). - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . don ' s syndrome ( plum - coloured , raised , painful lesions on the limbs and sometimes the face and throat with spasticity ) has occurred but other factors may play a role . - pain or spasticity , have been reported with pregabalin , but are the following side effects have been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , sleepiness , constipation . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , sleepiness , constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - constipation . - constipation . common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people - dizziness . - dizziness . - constipation . - very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - dizziness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following side effects : you may need medical treatment : you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : signs and symptoms of a blood clot : pneumonia , high blood pressure , deep respiratory infections , sore throat , runny nose , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness , weakness or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( hypertension ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) increased appetite . flu , viral infection ( jaundice ), hallucinations , mood swings , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , loss of memory , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty or loss of taste , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor if you have ear pain , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , cramps , weakness , fatigue , sweating , muscle stiffness , weakness or collapse . these can be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems can sometimes occur commonly ( hypertension ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood clots in the veins , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , 31 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): increased appetite . flu , viral infection ( jaundice ), hallucinations , mood swings , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , loss of memory , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings , difficulty in sleeping , clumsiness , memory impairment , confusion , memory impairment or confusion , mood swings or confusion , mood swings , difficulty finding words , clumsiness or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your veins and legs . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the side effects above . heart attack ( hypertension ) may occur ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include large - scale pain , inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ), hallucinations , memory impairment , confusion
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious allergic reactions ( may affect up to heart_failure in 10 people ): if you get a rash or chest_pain , chest pain or swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , chest pain or a drop in blood pressure and which may be life - threatening . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people . severe allergic reactions ( sepsis ). sepsis can cause severe rash with sepsis . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - heart_failure , chest pain or swallowing , shortness of breath , or other breathing problems . - signs of a high temperature such as severe fever , fever , feeling sick , wounds , dental problems , burning on urination , feeling weak or tired , coughing , tingling , numbness , double vision , or arm or leg weakness - a bump or open sore that doesn ' t heal - signs and symptoms suggestive of blood disorders such as persistent fever , bruising , bleeding , paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea and vomiting - abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( heart_burn ) - passing wind ( abdominal pain ) - indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - mouth ulcers - abnormal liver function tests - dry or dry mouth - itching - itchy skin - bruising - abnormal blood test results ( kidney problems ) - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - unusual bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - mouth sores ( stomatitis ) - abnormal liver function tests - dry mouth - itching ( itchy rash ) - bruising - itchy skin - bruising ( pruritus ) - increased sweating ( fatigue ) - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - unusual bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( passing gas ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal sense of taste - dry mouth - itching of the skin - itching - itchy skin - bruising - abnormal or change in the colour of your nails - increased sweating - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain ( oedema ) - low blood pressure ( oedema ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - unusual bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) - respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) - headache - nausea , vomiting , abdominal ( stomach ) pain , indigestion , dyspepsia ( passing gas ) - passing wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal sense of taste - dry mouth - itching - itchy skin - bruising - tingling of the hands or feet ( palmar - plantar erythrodysesthesia or hand and foot syndrome ) - increased sweating - hair loss ( alopecia ) - muscle spasms - blood in urine - kidney problems - chest pain - oedema ( infection ) - fever - reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of bleeding or bruising - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or paleness - unusual bleeding or paleness . the following side effects have been observed with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a an_antihistamine reaction during the infusion and for 24 hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately : - fever , signs of infection or infection , such as fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , swollen tongue , itchy , runny nose , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - loss of appetite , being sick ( constipation ), - increased sweating , - raised itchy bumps on the skin , or itchy , runny or blocked nose , vomiting , - nausea , constipation , constipation , - pain in the abdomen , irritation or pain in your stomach , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - indigestion ( dyspepsia ), - increased sweating , - itchy skin ( pruritus ), - increased sweating , - raised itchy bumps on the skin ( actinic keratosis ), joint stiffness , arm or neck , back , neck , neck , neck , neck , neck , back , neck , neck , neck , back , neck , neck , back , neck , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , back , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of these symptoms : chills , severe swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing , vomiting , vomit ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ). you should seek help immediately if you notice such symptoms . pain , redness , swelling or sores in your chest and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience chest pain or pain , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience chest pain , or discomfort , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . at first signs of infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . if you experience chest pain , or discomfort , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat . hand - and - foot skin - reaction : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet breathlessness : if you have a temperature of 38 or greater . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . 38 infection : if you experience signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives since the consequences could become serious . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , feeling weak or weak and dizzy ( especially when you are not there ). the symptoms are usually mild to moderate and go away within three days . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness ( including runny nose ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) decreased sexual drive nausea swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or dizziness . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) floppy pupil during cataract surgery ( see also above , in this section ) if you feel that your sexual life is affected , please tell your doctor . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of telmisartan : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): high blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for reduction of cardiovascular events . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): urinary tract infections , upper respiratory tract infections ( e . g . sore throat , inflamed sinuses , common cold ), deficiency in red blood cells ( anaemia ), high potassium levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar levels , difficulty falling asleep , feeling sad ( depression ), fainting ( syncope ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), slow heart rate ( bradycardia ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ) in users treated for high blood pressure , dizziness on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response which can lead to death ), increase in certain white blood cells ( eosinophilia ), low platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( e . g . eosinophilia , low blood sugar , thrombocytopenia ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ), shortness of breath , cough , diarrhoea , discomfort in the abdomen , bloating , vomiting , itching , increased sweating , drug withdrawal syndrome , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain ( myalgia ), kidney impairment including acute kidney failure , pain in the chest , feeling of weakness , and increased level of creatinine in the blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness_of_the_chest , symptoms of tightness in the chest , chills , dizziness , low blood pressure and dizziness ) dizziness , low blood pressure and treatment with afstyla may occur , which may be life - threatening . for children not previously treated with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling . this is more likely to occur in children . if any of these affects you severely , tell your doctor . during clinical trials there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and fat . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness_of_the_chest , symptoms of tightness in the chest , chills , dizziness , low blood pressure and dizziness ) - dizziness - low blood pressure . at the beginning of treatment with factor viii medicines , inhibitor antibodies ( see section 2 ) may form very commonly ( more than 1 in 10 patients ); however patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your or your child ' s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as dizziness , low blood pressure , wheezing , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or bleeding . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure . if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . this includes any possible side effect not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , the following side effects have been observed with this medicine . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - a severe allergic ( hypersensitive ) reaction ( hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulty ), - uncontrolled bleeding , - confusion , - seizures ( fits ), - fever , - chills , - severe shivering , - severe shivering , - nausea , vomiting , - difficulty in speaking , - abdominal pain , fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - elevated liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood ; a reduction in the number of skin and white blood cells and platelets in the blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms such as abdominal pain , fever , or looking pale - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ). - reduction in the number of red blood cells and blood cells ( which help to fight against infection ) in the blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your treatment and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms such as abdominal pain , fever , or other breathing problems - this may be a sign of convulsions - seizures , seizures ( fits ), fever , chills or other signs of severe bleeding ( pneumonia ), - nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , - abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , - rash , - skin_swelling , - red spots on the skin , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . - severe skin reactions including rash accompanied by skin_swelling or skin_swelling . - elevated levels of liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood . therefore , you will have to have regular blood tests before and during your treatment with temomedac . - damage to the liver . symptoms include : - abdominal pain - fever - feeling weak ( nausea ) - vomiting - difficulty passing stools - severe tiredness or confusion - seizures ( fits ) - memory impairment - abdominal pain - fever - abnormal liver function tests , such as itching , rash , skin_swelling - yellow skin or eyes , dark - coloured urine - swelling of the limbs - severe rash with skin_swelling ( e . g . swelling in the hands and soles of the feet which may cause loss of appetite ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( e . g . in the blood ). a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting have been observed . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - bleeding or pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty speaking , severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment or abdominal pain , - fever , - abnormal liver function tests . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cell counts ( a type of white blood cell ) in your blood ; a reduction in the number of skin cells in the blood . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have symptoms such as abdominal pain , fever and / or frequent urination very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - reduction in blood cells , which increases risk of bleeding or bleeding . - pain , loss of appetite , nausea , vomiting , difficulty passing stools , severe tiredness , confusion , seizures , memory impairment or abdominal pain , fever , - abnormal liver function tests , - itching , rash , skin_swelling , red spots on the skin . - swelling of the hands , feet or soles of the feet . - if you experience a reduction in your blood pressure , tell your doctor
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as rashes , hives , swelling_of_the_face , swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure , fainting , dizziness , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , stomach ache , reflux , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , fast or low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux or blurred vision , eye pain , difficulty in breathing , fainting , dizziness , faster heartbeat , fainting or high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds , nasal congestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach ache , sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , rashes , itchy skin , lumps on your skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itchy skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in urine , increased sweating , hives ( itchy red welts on the surface of the skin ), penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives ( itchy red welts on the surface of the skin ), penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , redness of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood in semen , increased sweating , hives , itching of the skin , lumps on the skin , penile bleeding , presence of blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most serious side effect of enyglid is hypoglycaemia ( hypoglycaemia ): if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . contact your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : swelling of the face , lips , tongue , difficulty in breathing , rapid heartbeat , or sweating ( anaphylactic shock ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick ( nausea ), feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) rash , rash , itchy skin other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood  hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes and liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) such as severe rash , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , inflammation of the pancreas , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ), hypersensitivity , itchy rash , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , inflammation of the pancreas , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , itchy skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , inflammation of the pancreas , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin , rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , dry skin , increased liver enzymes levels in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma , feeling dizzy , vomiting ( belly ) - feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood ( which may indicate hypersensitivity and hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin , rash , itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood , hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash , rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma - feeling dizzy , inflammation of the pancreas , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( allergic ) reactions , such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions such as rash , itchy skin , increased levels of liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , such as severe rash with rash , visual disturbances , visual disturbances , coma - feeling dizzy , very tired - feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) - itchy skin - rash - itchy skin other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash and itchy rash other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions , including rash and itchy rash other side effects include : - increased liver enzymes in your blood - hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions - such as itchy rash , rash , visual disturbances - visual disturbances - coma - feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - low levels of white blood cells - anaemia which may be a sign of an infection or low levels of white blood cells - chest pain - shortness of breath - pale , shaking , anxiety , confusion , dizziness , drowsiness , nausea , rapid heartbeat , high or low blood pressure , rapid pulse , fever , chills or shivering - these may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia , or high blood pressure , which may be life - threatening , - swelling and swelling in your legs or arms or legs tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs or symptoms of a blood clot : pain or swelling in your legs or arms , abdominal pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion ( loss of appetite ), loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , or swelling in your legs or nose - abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion ( loss of appetite ) - loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in your arms and legs - swelling in the upper legs or arms , abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion ( loss of appetite ) - loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , pain in the upper right side of the nose - abdominal pain , stomach pain , constipation , indigestion ( loss of appetite ), loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain - constipation , indigestion , loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain - constipation , indigestion , feeling jittery , loss of appetite , muscle spasms , joint or joint pain , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , joint swelling , neck pain , neck pain , pain in the limbs , nose or throat - swelling or swelling in your legs tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of the symptoms above . other symptoms include : - low blood levels of phosphorus , phosphorus , uric acid , and low calcium consequently leading to changes in kidney function , changes in kidney function , heartbeat , seizures , seizures ( fits ), or a severe condition with other symptoms such as : - blood in your urine - pain in your arms and legs - pain in the upper right side of your nose - abdominal pain - stomach pain - constipation - indigestion - feeling jittery - loss of appetite muscle spasms - joint stiffness - joint pain - joint pain - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - neck pain - neck pain - neck pain - constipation - indigestion - feeling jittery - loss of appetite - muscle spasms - joint stiffness - joint stiffness - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling - joint swelling -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , insomnia ( low blood pressure ), runny nose , sneezing , cough , diarrhoea , indigestion , abdominal pain , constipation , dry mouth , abnormal liver function tests , muscle twitching , muscle twitching . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , palpitations ( awareness of irregular heart beat ), ringing in the ears , nose bleed , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , abnormal liver function , skin rash , itching , generalised sensitivity to light , difficulty in passing urine , inability to achieve or maintain an erection , sensation of heaviness and / or taste disturbances , decreased sense of touch , taste change , change in heart rate , palpitations low blood pressure , chest_pain low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal dreams , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of legs or feet , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath , abnormal heart rhythm low blood pressure , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure in the heart , palpitations low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure in the heart , palpitations low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal breath sounds , abnormal heart rhythm , palpitations low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal gait sounds , abnormal blood clotting in the stool or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath swelling of the face and throat , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal liver function tests , increased blood triglycerides ( a fat ), increased heart rate or palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain , shortness of breath or swelling of the face , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , nasal congestion , sneezing , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , abnormal kidney function , increased blood pressure in the heart , palpitations , low blood pressure , chest pain shortness of breath or swelling of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and some_blood_tests . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers , bleeding , pain or discomfort in the upper right side of the skin . the rash is usually mild to moderate . a skin rash might also be a symptom of a rare severe situation . it is important to talk to your doctor if you develop a rash . the following side effects may occur : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , rhinorrhoea ) - diarrhoea and constipation , stomach upset - anorexia , heartburn , constipation , itching , dry skin - tiredness ( fatigue ), headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - increased muscle enzymes ( sign of kidney problems ) - low blood platelet count ( thrombocytopenia ) - low blood platelet count ( bleeding , redness or itching_of_the_skin ) - rash other side effects common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , runny nose , rhinorrhoea ) - diarrhoea , constipation , stomach upset ( anorexia ), constipation , contusion , dry skin - excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ) - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - upper respiratory tract infection ( e . g . sore throat , rhinorrhoea ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach discomfort , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting , stomach upset ( anorexia ) - constipation - contusion , dry skin - rash ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - infection of the upper respiratory tract ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - sore throat ( rhinorrhoea ) - cough - vomiting , stomach upset , anorexia , constipation , contusion , dry skin - rash ( erythema ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain ( arthralgia ) - back pain - muscular cramps - increased muscle enzymes in the blood uncommon ( may affect up to 1
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your copd with wheezing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting ( signs of neuroleptic malignant syndrome ) if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( copd ) - cough - shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting - fainting - these may be signs of a so - called neuroleptic malignant syndrome . - if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - low blood pressure ( asthma ) - cough - shortness of breath - wheezing - asthma - faintness or fainting - these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , light - headedness , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to a higher risk of copd - cough , shortness of breath , wheezing , asthma , faintness or fainting , fainting , - decreased levels of consciousness , feeling sleepy or confusion , changes in mental status or faintness , muscle stiffness - increased eye pressure , - weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , increased blood pressure - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting , - shortness of breath , feeling anxious , confusion , changes in mood - increased eye pressure - inability to sleep - weight increase . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting , - shortness of breath , feeling anxious , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - loss of weight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting , - shortness of breath , feeling anxious , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - loss of taste uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma , shortness of breath , cough , wheezing , asthma , shortness of breath , - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting , - shortness of breath , feeling anxious , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - loss of weight uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma - shortness of breath , asthma - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting - shortness of breath , feeling tired , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - decreased or increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma - shortness of breath , asthma - shortness of breath , fever , faintness or fainting - shortness of breath , feeling tired , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - decreased or increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness of breath , cough , wheezing or asthma - shortness of breath , asthma - shortness of breath , asthma , faintness or fainting - shortness of breath , feeling tired , confusion , changes in mental status or faintness - muscle stiffness - increased heart rate - decreased or increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased blood pressure - asthma - shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of " neutrophils " a type of white blood cell ( anaemia ) which can be a sign of low levels of blood platelets , chest pain , shortness of breath or pale , nosebleeds , or coughing up of blood , runny or blocked nose , abdominal pain , constipation , indigestion , diarrhoea , inflammation of the gut and gut , being short of breath , high or low blood pressure , fluid retention , muscle spasms , muscle cramp , muscle cramp , or pain in extremity , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation_of_the_stomach_(gastritis) cough diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) abdominal ( belly ) pain difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) 34 inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ) abdominal pain joint pain abnormal liver function 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach and intestines stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain abnormal liver function 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 1 / 100 ) dizziness 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain 34 joint pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain abdominal pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain abdominal pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain abdominal pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain pain in joints common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping stomach pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty sleeping cough abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep 34 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) pain in the mouth and throat stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing stomach pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting inflammation of the stomach and intestine difficulty swallowing abdominal pain joint pain inability to sleep ( insomnia ) joint pain 34 dizziness vomiting ( dyspepsia ) lack of energy abnormal liver function tests joint pain 34 joint pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain 34 joint pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations ( awareness of your heart beat ) joint pain abdominal pain pain in joints common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) inflammation of the stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of chills or weakness , as these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lung , which can lead to the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms , such as fever , chills , fatigue , and swelling in the legs , arms or legs . - these may be signs of an inflamed pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - high levels of magnesium , potassium , magnesium , magnesium in the blood , or increases in the level of magnesium in your blood . - weight increase . - sleepiness . - anxiety . - blurred vision , tearing of the eye , eye sensitivity to light . - fainting , limpness or collapse . - difficulty in breathing with wheezing or coughing . - urticaria . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - slow heart beat . - confusion . - unusual fracture of the thigh bone particularly in patients on long - term treatment for osteoporosis may occur rarely . contact your doctor if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the tissue around the air sacks of the lungs ) - flu - like symptoms including arthritis and joint swelling - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you feel unwell , feel unwell , or have a high temperature it may be seen in blood tests . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include tenderness , tenderness , or weakness feeling dizzy , headache , nausea , stomach upset , diarrhoea , indigestion , heartburn ( constipation ), stomach upset , nausea 29 common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people abnormal liver function test , dry skin , acne , back pain , muscle cramps , feeling tired , back pain , fever , feeling tired , lack of energy , decreased appetite , depression feeling sleepy , feeling sleepy , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , visual impairment , ringing in the ears , ringing in the ears , heartburn , indigestion , stomach discomfort , bloating , nausea , constipation , stomach discomfort , dry mouth , acid reflux , decreased number of white blood cells ( including decreased platelets ), dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin , dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry skin - dry
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . they are usually mild to moderate . some side effects may be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): sore throat , runny nose , difficulty in breathing , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( candidiasis ), mouth or throat pain , difficulty in breathing , chest pain , wheezing or coughing . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): oral thrush ( oral candidiasis ), candidiasis , a feeling of pain or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) headache , fast heart beat , cough , voice alteration ( hoarseness ), diarrhoea , abdominal pain , nausea ( reflux of food from the stomach ), bone or joint pain , muscle spasm , fever , bone or bone pain , bone pain , fever , bone pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain including itching , rash , bone pain , musculoskeletal pain , pain in joints , bone or joint pain , pain uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people decreased appetite , candidiasis ( dry mouth ), high or low blood pressure , skin rash , difficulty in breathing ( dyspnoea ), blood in the urine ( dysuria ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): vertigo ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until skin_allergy ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; confusion ; hallucinations ; joint pain ; muscular pain ; changes in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : suicidal thoughts , decreased white blood cell count ( neutropenia ), allergy , allergy ( pain and inflammation of the veins ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , feeling tired , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , wind ( flatulence ) feeling tired , feeling weak , lack of energy , high level of liver enzymes in your blood common : may affect up to in 10 people dizziness , sleepiness , anxiety , abnormal dreams difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ), dizziness , headache cough , diarrhoea , stomach pain , wind ( flatulence ), indigestion ( wind ) feeling tired changes in liver function tests , increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests 45 45 , irritability , anxiety , depression , suicidal thoughts , difficulty concentrating , abnormal dreams , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , sleep disorder , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , sleep disorder , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , mental impairment , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , poor sleep pattern , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams , nightmares , sleep disorder , nightmares , depression , anxiety , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , abnormal dreams ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling dizzy - sleepy feeling or being sleepy - feeling very sleepy or sleepy - fast muscle contractions - tingling or tingling of the hands or feet - dry mouth - change in the way things taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - change of taste - abnormal muscle sensations such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - feeling sleepy or dizzy - sleepy - dry mouth - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - fast muscle contractions - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - change in the way things taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - change of taste - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness of the mouth - dry mouth - change of taste - dry mouth - change of taste - ringing in the ears - dry mouth 37 - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - dry mouth - abnormal sense of taste - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered or altered taste - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - reduced or altered sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the mouth - dry mouth - change of taste - dry mouth - change of taste - ringing in the ears - dry mouth 37 - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - spinning sensation ( vertigo ) - dry mouth - increased muscle tension - abnormal muscle movements - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - reduced sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - decreased or altered sense of taste - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered or decreased sensation or change in taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - reduced or altered sense of touch or sensation - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people - tingling or numbness of the mouth - dry mouth - change of taste - dry mouth - change of taste - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - change of taste - changes in taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - taste disturbance - feeling sleepy or sleepy - dry mouth - abnormal sense of taste - abnormal muscle sensations such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - altered or altered sense of taste - altered sense of taste - tingling or numbness of the hands or feet - dry mouth 37 - abnormal sense of taste - abnormal muscle sensation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - symptoms of allergic reactions ( itching , rash , blistering or peeling of the skin ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - chills - fever - chills - chills - feeling tired or pain in the chest , fever , chills , feeling tired , - changes in liver function and ggt ( increase in the type of liver enzymes ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - heartburn - allergic reactions ( such as itching , rash , blistering or peeling of the skin ) - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness - liver enzymes ( ggt ) - liver uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness - diarrhoea - heartburn - heartburn - allergic reactions - skin rash - itching - rash - blistering rash - muscle pain - muscle weakness -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and pulmonary failure . for children and adolescents prolonged bleeding in the brain . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clots and blood clots . prolonged and sometimes painful erections have been reported in men . if you notice any of these side effects , contact your doctor as soon as possible . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; breathing difficulties ; cough ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , drowsiness , dizziness , decreased sexual drive , palpitations , extreme tiredness , sore throat , runny nose , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , indigestion , mouth rash , loss of appetite , muscle pain or spasm , joint pain , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , muscle pain or swelling_of_the_extremities , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscular pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling of arms , legs or legs , muscle weakness or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscular pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling in arms and legs , muscle pain or spasm , chest pain , swelling of arms , legs or legs , muscle weakness or spasm , chest pain , swelling of the extremities , feeling weak or very tired , having a tingling feeling in your arms and legs , or other muscle problems . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): respiratory tract infection , sneezing , runny nose , sore throat , sinus infection , sinus infection , runny nose , sneezing , runny nose , sneezing , asthma , general feeling of being unwell , irritability , fainting , depression , nightmares , fainting , tremor , loss of taste ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may make you more prone to weakness , breathlessness , shortness of breath , chest pain , and increased spleen size . in general , these may be signs of spleen infections ( see section 0.5 , " warnings and precautions "). your doctor will monitor your blood cell regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose , stop your treatment for a short time or stop your treatment completely . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . contact the doctor or nurse if you develop any of these symptoms , as the infusion may need to be slowed down or stopped . you may require additional treatment such as an antihistamine or fever ( with or without fever ) and other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you experience a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , fatigue ( common ), if you have a temperature of 38c or greater , pneumonia or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . - a severe rash with fever and fatigue ( common ), if you have a temperature of 38c or greater , pneumonia or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). if you have a combination of any of these symptoms , you should contact your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - severe reduction in the number of red blood cells or white blood cells ( neutrophils ) - with or without fever - an infection with a fever - sore throat or difficulty breathing - cough - wheezing or difficulty breathing - chest pain - this may be a sign of a spleen obstruction . this will show up in your blood and the urine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , the frequency of this type of event is not known ( it is not known ). the hospital staff will monitor your condition closely during treatment . tell them immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor will monitor your heart regularly during and after treatment but you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . your doctor will monitor you for these problems . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and neutrophils . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by filgrastim_ratiopharm or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . in general , the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ), which may make the skin pale and cause weakness or breathlessness ( acute respiratory distress syndrome ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose , mouth or tongue , or any other signs of infection , as you may need urgent medical attention . if you have a fever , fever and fatigue , as these may be signs of pneumonia ( may affect up to coughing_up_blood in a drop in the number of red blood cells ). a reduction in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) and with or without fever ( may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called pneumonia ), sore throat or difficulty breathing , cough , wheezing or difficulty breathing , chest pain , increased spleen size and spleen difficulties . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may decide
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : allergic reactions ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tell your doctor immediately if you get any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ). signs of liver problems such as fever , cough , difficult or fluid pain , itching , or feeling sick ( sick ), as these may indicate problems with your lung ( interstitial lung disease ). the following side effects may occur : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the amount of food in the blood ( tiredness ), numbness , pain and itching , darkening of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , pancreatitis . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in white blood cells , fever associated with an inflammation of the liver ( tiredness ) decreases in white blood cells which may make you more prone to infections and may be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , changes in the colour of the heart ( tiredness ), tiredness , numbness , pain and itching , darkening of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , increase in blood pressure , pancreatitis . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets a decrease in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), itching , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or a change in the amount of potassium in your blood . diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea , increase in the amount of some liver enzymes ( pancreatitis ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in the number of a type of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets . if you experience any of the above symptoms : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not feeling sick ( sick ) or sleepiness . these may be signs of a heart problem such as : diarrhoea , tiredness , numbness , pain , itching or itching of the skin , vomiting , sleepiness , increase in blood pressure , diarrhoea , tiredness , dizziness , numbness , pain or itching , darkening of the skin , vomiting , diarrhoea and increase in blood pressure . pancreatitis , pancreatitis . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of white blood cells , fever , increase in the number of a type of white
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions , such as injection site pain , itching , rash , raised red bumps on the skin , hives , swelling , difficulty breathing , swallowing , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , sudden shortness of breath . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , vertigo ( low blood pressure ) - dizziness - light - headedness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , low blood pressure , difficulty immediately or immediately , which may be a sign of low blood pressure , which , if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) diarrhoea nausea ( fatigue ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately contact your doctor immediately if you experience these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fever low blood pressure . immediately tell your doctor if you experience any of these side effects . other side effects very common (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache tiredness nausea ( fatigue ) constipation common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea ( feeling sick ), vomiting , abdominal pain , aching or distended muscles ( abdomen ) pain in the abdomen , abdominal pain aching muscles or pain in the joints flu - like symptoms ( feeling generally unwell ), fatigue flu - like illness , flu - like symptoms , vomiting , flu - like illness , flu - like illness , vomiting , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , abdominal pain ,
like all vaccines and medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience an allergic reaction to proquad , you may also experience difficulty in breathing or swallowing . these reactions may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , rash , swelling , pain , tenderness , and redness ) have been reported . these reactions may be a sign of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - difficulty in swallowing - skin reactions such as redness , swelling , pain , tenderness , and redness . these reactions can be serious , including allergic and hypersensitivity reactions . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - difficulty in swallowing - skin reactions ( including redness , swelling , pain and tenderness ) - joint pain , swelling , fever , irritability , irritability , seizures , irritability , fever , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , soreness , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , - skin reactions , - fever , irritability , seizures , irritability , diarrhoea , vomiting , pain , fever , swelling , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , fever , -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following symptoms : difficulty in breathing swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat severe rash , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ). if you develop any of these symptoms , call your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . fever , sore throat , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , hair loss , skin rash , and / or itching , or itching . your doctor will tell you how to treat any signs and symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain or itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or breathing , night sweats , - rash , itching or other signs of an infection ( e . g . fever , sore throat , or difficulty in breathing , dry skin , rash , itching or other signs of an allergic reaction ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . - a combination of a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty breathing , chest pain , itching , itching or itching of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of these symptoms : fever , sore throat , difficulty in breathing , dry skin , rash or itching ( especially affecting your whole body ) - these may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction . - if you develop a rash , fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of these symptoms : - fever , sore throat or breathing , night sweats , - rash , itching or other signs of an infection ( e . g . fever , sore throat , or difficulty in breathing , night sweats , rash , itching or other signs of an allergic reaction ) - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing , chest pain , or itching , or itching , or blistering of the skin . these may be signs of a life - threatening allergic reaction . if you notice any of these symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): irregular hunger ( hyperglycaemia ) hyperglycaemia and symptoms of a high temperature include : excessive hunger feeling hunger or hunger abnormally high or low blood pressure ( hypertensive crisis ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( signs of a high temperature
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects stop using riximyo and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , being sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain_in_the_stomach , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), loss of appetite ( anorexia ), lack / loss of appetite , weight loss ( alopecia ), dry mouth , increased sweating , night sweats ( signs of water retention ) in the neck , neck , neck , back , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , neck , back , back , neck , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back , back
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - angioedema , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , cough , breathing difficulties , itchy rash or hives ( signs of very serious allergic reaction ) - respiratory tract infections , such as sore throat and cough , severe itching of the skin , fever , nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 2 ). - fever or difficulty breathing ( very common ). if you experience any of these symptoms , call your doctor as soon as possible . if you get fever , nausea or vomiting , as these may be symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( e . g . sore throat , cough , severe shortness of breath and / or chest tightness ) - severe tiredness ( nausea ) and / or vomiting . however , if you are more prone to fever , you should tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose of bleeding or bleeding . - unusual bruising or bleeding , bleeding or other signs of infection ( for example , loss of appetite or weight loss ) - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - tiredness - weakness ( weakness ) in the hands and feet and moving up towards the feet of the lung ( symptoms include cough , difficulty breathing , severe chest pain , fever ) - loss of consciousness . other possible side effects with topotecan_actavis may be signs of a hypersensitivity reaction ( allergic ) such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy_rash , weakness in the hands and feet , symptoms include cough , difficulty breathing , severe chest pain , fever with bloody sputum ( possible symptoms of acute respiratory distress syndrome ) - fever with bloody sputum ( uncommon ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other possible side effects of topotecan_actavis : very common : - allergic reactions such as rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty breathing , low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ( dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure ) - dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy skin , hives , difficulty breathing or low blood pressure , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ) and difficulty breathing
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , tiredness , high blood pressure , feeling confused , feeling confused , problems falling asleep . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite inability to sleep ( insomnia ) aggression feeling restless uneven heartbeat patients with dementia and parkinson ' s disease these patients have some side effects more often . they also have some additional side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency unknown
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , confused or drowsy feeling or confused , difficulty in speaking , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach , constipation , indigestion , indigestion rash , hair loss ( alopecia ), hair loss ( alopecia ), dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), dry skin , tiredness , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , throat or back , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the face , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), skin discolouration , dry skin , itching ( pruritus ), dry skin , tiredness , weight gain . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swollen glands in the neck , throat or throat , increased sweating , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), increase in blood pressure , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), swollen tongue or throat ( nasopharyngitis ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), increase in blood pressure , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth , throat or tongue , excessive sweating , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), excess of fluid in the belly , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), blood in the urine , increase in the level of some magnesium , magnesium , calcium or phosphate in blood tests . liver problems . hair loss . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) inflammation of the mouth , tongue or throat , excessive sweating ( hyperhidrosis ), dry mouth , hair loss ( alopecia ), diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach ( gastritis ), hair loss , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) include : pain in your chest or throat , excessive sweating , dry skin , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), inflammation of the tendons , pain in the joints , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the mouth , throat or tongue , excessive sweating , hair loss , hair loss ( alopecia ), inflammation of the tendons , pain in the joints , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ), swollen face , swollen tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in the sense of touch or pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ), swollen face , swollen tongue or throat ( angioedema ), dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in the sense of touch or sensation in limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ), swollen face , swollen tongue or other tongue , dry skin , hair loss ( alopecia ), disturbance in attention , pain in the limbs , weight gain , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by excess fluid ( herpes ), dry mouth , hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ), diarrhoea , inflammation of the stomach or mouth , hair loss , hair loss , inflammation of the tendons , muscle cramps , tiredness , feeling cold , dry mouth , hair loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ) pain in the tummy ( abdomen ) caused by excess fluid ( herpes ), dry mouth ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat , which may be signs of allergic reaction swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause skin rash , burning and stinging of the skin and / or fever ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or constipation , or a vomiting ( vomiting ) or skin rash ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood clots in the veins in the arms or legs . this may be a sign of blood clots in the veins ( membrane ) that can cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) in the arms or legs ). some of these side effects may be serious . if you notice such a severe rash , or itching , or blistering ( stevens - johnson syndrome or toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience sudden breathlessness , intense chest pain or constipation , vomiting or diarrhoea_nausea vomiting ), skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood infection , reduction in the number of white blood cells and platelets ( cells in the blood ), which may be a sign of an allergic reaction . muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ). damage to the sensory nerves that may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ). dry mouth . dry mouth . unusual hair loss or thinning ( alopecia ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection . reduced number of neutrophil granulocytes ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood ; reduction in the number of all blood cells ; muscle weakness or weakness in the arms and legs ; muscle weakness ; weakness in the arms and legs ; damage to the sensory nerves that may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ); primary in the arms and legs ); dry eyes ; dry mouth ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; skin rash ; swelling of limbs ; oedema ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection ; reduced number of platelets in the blood ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; muscle weakness ; swelling in the limbs ; muscle weakness ; inflammation of the glands in the eye ; muscle aches ; inflammation of the glands in the neck ; joint or pre bleeding ; dry mouth ; dry mouth ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; skin rash ; swelling of limbs ; oedema ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blood infection ; reduced number of platelets in the blood ; low blood measurements for platelets ; increased uric acid in the blood ; abnormal rhythms of the heart ; muscle weakness ; swelling in the limbs ; muscle weakness ; inflammation of the glands in the eye ; joint swelling ; inflammation of the glands in the eye ; swelling in the joints ; joint allergy ; inflammation of the glands of the eye ; joint swelling ; inflammation of the glands of the joints ; constipation ; abdominal pain ; constipation ; vomiting ; diarrhoea ; skin rash ; swelling of limbs ; oedema ( tiredness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in the number
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , asthma , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , indigestion , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness , memory loss , nightmare , nightmare , dizziness , memory loss , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , swelling of the hands , ankle or feet ( oedema ), watery eyes , watery eyes , eye redness , eyelid inflammation , inflammation of the eyelid ( cornea ) and inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the cornea ) have also been reported . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking gefitinib_mylan and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic ( anaphylactic ) reactions , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the signs may include : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) fever , which may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( uncommon - may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : difficulty breathing or swallowing swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) fever , which may be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following signs : - weakness , feeling sick or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ) - inflammation of the stomach ( jaundice ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) this may occur regardless of blood glucose level . your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with gefitinib_mylan . - serious allergic reactions ( jaundice ) which may cause a skin rash , jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) - severe liver damage ( jaundice , yellowing of the skin and / or eyes ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ) - severe liver damage ( jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - severe skin reactions ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - severe skin rashes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - severe skin rashes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) - severe skin rashes ( jaundice ) - yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ) - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) - yellowing of the skin and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of rashes , shortness of breath , blurred or loss of vision , which may be a sign of an uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness - headache - flu ( influenza ) - shortness of breath - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - flu - like symptoms , feeling tired , diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) - 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu ( influenza ) - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flu like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - headache - flu - like symptoms - feeling tired - diarrhoea ( feeling sick ) 36 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - flu - like symptoms at the injection site very common side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking fotivda and contact a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : fever , chills , sore throat or coughing , drop in blood pressure , bleeding or paleness ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). it can be very serious and patients should stop taking fotivda and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : - fever or chills , sore throat or coughing with bluish discoloration of the eyes or skin , or paleness ( see section " warnings and precautions " in section 2 ). - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : heart_failure or confused , feeling or being sick , - changes in your mood or vertigo , - ringing in the ears , dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence , severe tiredness , fever , chills , tiredness or paleness these symptoms may be symptoms of heart failure , shortness of breath , chest chest_pain , chest pain which could be sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach ache - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - mouth inflammation , dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain , joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , confusion , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of nervous system problems ) - vertigo ( vertigo ) - changes in the way things taste - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat or cough - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of nervous system problems ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat - cough - discomfort or flatulence - severe tiredness with fever , chills , tiredness or paleness - these symptoms may be signs of heart_failure - tiredness ( paleness ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . symptoms of heart failure : shortness of breath , chest pain ( heart attack ) - coughing up blood blood clots in the lung . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - disorientated ( voice - sinus congestion ) - sore throat - cough - being sick ( flatulence ) - severe stomach ache - indigestion , heartburn , constipation - mouth inflammation , dry mouth , heartburn , discomfort or flatulence - back pain - muscle pain - joint pain - back pain - joint pain - back pain - muscle pain - back pain - muscle pain - fever - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , confusion , feeling_anxious , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo - a spinning feeling ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat or cough - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of nervous system problems ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat or cough - chills - tiredness , paleness , dizziness , lethargy , feeling anxious , confused or vertigo ( signs of nervous system problems ) - vertigo - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - dry mouth - sore throat - cough - discomfort or flatulence - severe tiredness with fever , chills , tiredness or paleness - these symptoms may be signs of heart_failure - tiredness ( paleness ) - if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . - heart problems : shortness of breath , chest pain ( heart attack ) - coughing up blood blood clots in the lung . other side effects
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection , it is not always possible to tell whether some of the unwanted effects are caused by stribild or by other medicines that you are taking at the same time , or by the hiv disease itself . possible serious side effects : tell a doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . very common : feeling more sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), stomach pain , unusual stomach cramps or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , or a change in the way things taste . in addition , your doctor may decide to temporarily or permanently stop your treatment with xigduo . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity . if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection :  tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after you start taking medicine to treat your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . if you get any symptoms of infection : tell your doctor immediately . don ' t take other medicines for the infection without your doctor ' s advice . you may have problems with your bones some people taking combination therapy for hiv develop a condition called autoimmune_disorders . with this condition , parts of the bone tissue because because of reduced blood supply to the bone . people may be more likely to get this condition : if they have been taking combination therapy for a long time if you are also taking anti - inflammatory medicines called autoimmune_disorders if you notice any of these symptoms : tell your doctor .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as rash , itching , swelling of the face or lips ( common ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) - muscle pain , spasms , numbness , pain ( sciatica ) in the leg or sciatica ( sciatica ) - respiratory tract infection ( symptoms include : pain or discomfort when passing urine ) - swelling ( redness ) in your leg or leg ( sciatica ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - painful and frequent urination ( may be signs of urinary tract infection ) - back pain - rash uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin ( dryness ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause great difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) and / or swelling around the leg ( sciatica ), which may cause a feeling of pain in the jaw , which may travel through blood vessels to the treatment causing pain and discomfort in the pelvis ( including including abdominal pain or inflammation ), and / or abdominal pain - inflammation of the lining of the womb ( with symptoms such as respiratory tract infection , rash , fever ) - low level of phosphate in the blood . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - upper respiratory tract infection - urinary tract infection - rash . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , - swelling in the area around the mouth ( sciatica ), - a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment . - peripheral neuropathy ( accumulation of fluid in the lungs ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin ( sciatica ), - swelling in the inside of the leg ( sciatica ), - a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with prolia or after stopping treatment . - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , - swelling in the area around the skin ( sciatica ), - a feeling of pins and needles in the joints ( sciatica ), - a feeling of fullness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment . - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - tingling or numbness , red skin , dryness of the skin , dryness of the skin , - swelling in the area around the skin ( sciatica ), - a feeling of pins and needles in the joints ( sciatica ), - a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs and symptoms of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any of these symptoms while being treated with zoledronic acid medac or after stopping treatment . - peripheral oedema ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking the medicine and seek urgent medical advice straight away . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a fever . serious side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : feeling dizzy , feeling drowsy , tired , chills , sore throat , cough , fever , chills , sore throat , feeling tired , tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , feeling tired or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , severe fever , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe or persistent fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe or persistent fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe or persistent fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe or persistent fever , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe , sometimes life - threatening , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe , sometimes life - threatening , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe , sometimes life - threatening , fever , chills , weakness , chills or fever , severe severe_headache , or feeling tired , or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a fever , chills , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness or tired , or loss of consciousness . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following severe , sometimes life - threatening , fever , chills , weakness ,
( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) symptoms include : - allergic reactions - high blood pressure - rash - fever - paleness if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : seizures , fainting or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you notice any of these symptoms : seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or loss of consciousness , contact your doctor as soon as possible . - seizures , collapse or difficulty breathing or wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , such as fever or paleness , or passing water less frequently , - fever , - paleness , - fits , - nausea , - vomiting , - loss of appetite . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure , which could make you feel faint or wheezing - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms , such as fever or paleness , or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - collapse - difficulty breathing . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . - high or low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) permanent eye bleeding : bleeding from the nose , nose , stomach and jaw , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) unusual lung disease . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): infections , decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), or white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets fever : if this happens you must tell your doctor immediately allergic reactions as described above loss of appetite ( anorexia ) insomnia feeling of numbness or pins and needles or pain in the joints or muscles headache alteration in sense of taste inflammation of the eye or increased tearing of the eyes swelling caused by faulty lymphatic drainage shortness of breath nasal drainage ; inflammation of the throat and nose ; cough bleeding from the nose sores in the mouth stomach upsets including nausea , vomiting and diarrhoea , constipation abdominal pain indigestion hair loss : in most cases normal hair growth should return . in some cases ( frequency not known ) permanent hair loss has been observed frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) bleeding in the brain . bleeding from small blood vessels in the lung ( pulmonary haemorrhage ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause gout . it is known that side effects associated with hydrochlorothiazide may increase with higher doses of hydrochlorothiazide . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy therapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium , and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , 65 , and / or fainting ) fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion hair loss ( alopecia ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood . not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data form of bleeding in the eye ( osteonecrosis ) swelling of the retina at the back of the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium , magnesium , and / or magnesium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ) ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , 65 , and / or fainting ) fainting , dizziness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) increase of certain enzymes in the blood changes in blood chemistry transfusion reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth , eyes and throat ) bleeding from the back of the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium in your blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash or chest pain - feel discomfort . your doctor will advise you how to deal with your symptoms or whether your_treatment must be stopped . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain - rash , headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - chest pain - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - headache - diarrhoea - nausea - abdominal pain - rash - headache - feeling hot ( syncope ) - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - chest pain - feeling hot ( faint ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - diarrhoea , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - constipation - tummy pain - rash - feeling tired ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling weak ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling tired ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling tired ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling generally unwell ( malaise ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - chest pain , fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - anxiety - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea - feeling faint ( fainting ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) - high blood pressure - diarrhoea - feeling hot ( feeling faint ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - liver problems such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis ( rash ), low blood pressure , difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , wheezing or coughing up blood , rash , itching or pruritis ( pruritis ), difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing and low blood pressure ( disorder with blood clots ) - serious allergic reaction . side effects reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - disorder of the lung caused by the medicine . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - flushing . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives , hives - 29 - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , elevated liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood platelets , high blood sugar , high blood sugar - low blood sugar , high blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood phosphorus levels - low blood sugar , low blood phosphorus levels common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives - 29 29 - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - elevated liver enzymes common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood platelets , high blood sugar , high blood sugar - low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood sugar - low blood phosphorus levels - low blood sugar - low blood pressure , - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching - rash , hives - headache , vomiting , stomach pain , - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood platelets , high blood sugar , high blood sugar - low blood cell counts , high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood triglycerides , low blood sugar low blood sugar , low blood sugar - low blood pressure , wheezing , coughing - wheezing - vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood low level of sugar in the blood - low level of sodium in the blood - low blood sugar level common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , itching , rash , hives not known ( 29 - 29 - up of acid in stomach and stomach ) - diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , abnormal liver function tests - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - low level of blood platelets , high blood sugar , high blood sugar - low blood cell counts , high blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood sugar low blood triglycerides , low blood sugar low blood triglycerides , low blood sugar - low blood pressure , wheezing , coughing - wheezing - vomiting , stomach pain , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain - abnormal liver function tests common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - disorder - high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood low
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions if severe , sudden allergic reactions ( anaphylactic ) occur , the injection must be stopped immediately . you must contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - tightness in the chest - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness - loss of consciousness - fainting - severe symptoms such as wheezing , wheals or generalised swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - difficulty in breathing and wheezing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - swelling of the face - general feeling of being unwell - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as wheezing , wheals or generalised swelling of lips and tongue , - difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness and loss of consciousness , which may be symptoms of a fainting - difficulty in breathing - fainting - severe swelling of the face and throat , with difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness in chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting - severe symptoms such as difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , dizziness , difficulty or difficulty breathing these may be signs of an allergic reaction . serious side effects other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( symptoms include weight loss , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , swelling of arms , legs and / or legs , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness , nervous system disorders ) - bone pain , weight gain , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the face , nausea , diarrhoea and vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tingling of the arms or legs ), drowsiness , dizziness , headache - nervous system disorders , such as drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , drowsiness , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - pain in the arms or legs , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , drowsiness - dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - pain in the arms or legs , discomfort - vomiting , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling of the hands or feet ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), diarrhoea_vomiting - headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , dizziness ( fatigue ), - dizziness ( fatigue ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , pain in the arms or legs , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling of the hands or feet ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), diarrhoea_vomiting - headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - pain in the arms or legs , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling of the hands or feet ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), diarrhoea_vomiting - headache , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( pelvic pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tingling of the arms and legs , drowsiness , dizziness , headache - nervous system disorders : - drowsiness , - swelling of the arms and legs , drowsiness ( peripheral oedema ), - diarrhoea_vomiting headache , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling of the hands or feet ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort ( peripheral oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort ( peripheral oedema ), headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet , discomfort or discomfort in the arms or legs , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( tingling sensations ), - pain in the arms or legs , discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness ( tingling of the hands or feet ), - swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ), vomiting -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any of the following symptoms you should contact your doctor immediately : - fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased blood pressure . other side effects with revinty_ellipta may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - stomach pain - change in the amount of mucus in your blood or mucus common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - headache - stomach pain - change in the amount of food in your blood or blood in your urine - rapid or irregular heart beat common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or raised , raised patches in the mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - irritation of the mouth and throat ( angioedema ) - irritation of the mouth and throat - runny or blocked nose - irritation in the mouth - runny or blocked nose - irritation in the mouth - runny or blocked nose - inflammation of the lining of the nose - runny or blocked nose - inflammation of the lining of the mouth ( colitis ) - stomach pain , joint pain , muscle spasms - back pain - muscle spasms - chills - fever - feeling weak 68 - increased levels of 68 - a liver enzyme ( hence very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( herpes tract infection ) - urinary tract infection uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - stimulation of fluid in the lungs ( lung oedema ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - heart attack ( tachycardia ) - awareness of heart beat ( palpitations ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but serious side effect . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a combination of lactic_acidosis , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach_pain , stomach pain , passing more urine than normal or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , a vague feeling of tiredness or pain in the muscles or muscles . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience muscle pain , muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your kidneys . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but serious side effect . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a combination of lactic_acidosis , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach_pain , stomach pain , passing more urine than normal or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , a vague feeling of tiredness or pain in the muscles or muscles . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience muscle pain , muscle weakness , weakness or hands of the hands and soles of your kidneys . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but serious side effect . tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . it is important to talk to your doctor about any changes in your health . lactic acidosis , seen rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood rapid weight loss . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . a combination of lactic_acidosis , chills , feeling sick , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach_pain , stomach pain , passing more urine than normal or discomfort , bone pain , muscle weakness , a vague feeling of tiredness or pain in the muscles or muscles . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , difficulty breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ( angioedema ) ( uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). swelling , redness , difficulty breathing or 4 gait ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): nausea and abdominal pain . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require treatment . rarely , some of these reactions have been fatal . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion you may develop a reaction during the infusion and for 24 hours after the infusion . you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience : fever , chills , shivering , nausea , feeling sick , vomiting , sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the mouth , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in your stomach ( gastrointestinal tract ), problems swallowing , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick , nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick , nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick , nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick , nausea , constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick , nausea , sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , irritation or ulcers in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ) and constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ) and indigestion_eating_disorders , nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen ( tiredness ), feeling sick ( nausea ) and indigestion_eating_disorders , nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea , diarrhoea , gas in the stomach ( tiredness ), - irritation or ulceration of the stomach and intestine ( gastroenteritis ), constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - nausea ( feeling sick ) - nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) in the stomach or bowels , feeling bloated , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea ( feeling sick ), nausea , constipation - gas ( irritation ) - irritation or sores in your mouth and throat ( oropharyngeal pain ) - constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), nausea , constipation , indigestion ( dyspepsia ) - tiredness ( pruritus ) - tiredness ( asthenia )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects - allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( a rare severe reduction in red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause nausea or chills ). these may be a sign of liver failure - liver problems including blocking of the veins around the mouth , nose , nose or throat , difficulty in breathing , light headedness , light - headedness , dizziness or light - headedness . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell counts ( neutropenia , red or white blood cells ), low white blood cells ( neutropenia , tiredness or other kinds of low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( leucopenia and neutropenia ) low white blood cell count ( leucopenia and / or white blood cells ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , neutropenia , low white blood cells ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , tiredness or low white blood cell count ) low white blood cells ( neutropenia , tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives or itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis ( cellulitis ), upper respiratory tract infections sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever low counts of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , tiredness , fluid retention , abnormal liver function tests , itching , rash , skin reddening , skin rash , hives or itching rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) cellulitis , upper respiratory tract infections , sore throat , runny nose , cough , fever due to low number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) decreased number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) tiredness , dizziness , headache , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 10 people - this is a sign of infection . - if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_hcs . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : - sudden numbness or weakness of your face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . your doctor may give you another medicine to control your treatment with fetcroja . - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your face or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in your mouth or throat ) - if you develop a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in face , tongue or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in face , tongue or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in the mouth or throat ) - if you notice a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction or a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling in face , tongue or throat ) - sudden wheezing or breathing severe swelling of your lips , face , or throat severe swelling of your lips , tongue or throat which may cause a severe allergic reaction to this medicine , life - threatening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following : blindness , numbness , tingling or numbness . these usually occur after a few weeks of treatment . very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ): dizziness , shaking ( shaking ), shaking ( shaking ), dizziness , nausea , confusion , shaking , tingling , tingling or tingling . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain , uncontrolled shaking of the arms or legs , shaking , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , nausea , back pain
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , hives ( nettle rash ), rash , hives or allergic reaction ( angioedema ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) blocked nose sore throat , sneezing , sore throat difficulty breathing , runny nose difficulty breathing , wheezing , coughing , runny nose , sneezing skin rash , itching , hives ( hives ), musculoskeletal pain , musculoskeletal pain loss of menstrual periods pain in arms or legs pain in arms or legs muscle pain , bone pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction such as skin rash , hives , skin reddening , rash , abnormal swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - bleeding from the mouth or eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - this is a common side effect . if you notice any of the above , tell your doctor immediately . other side effects include : - common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): - vertigo ; - severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - swelling of the eye ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - painful swelling of the eye . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): - jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties ; - breathing difficulties
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : a severe muscle pain , which may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy with lamivudine_teva may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . it is important that you always contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - tiredness , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , pain , headache , stomach discomfort , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , - changes in liver function tests , enzymes produced in the liver ( enzymes produced by the liver ) - changes in liver function tests ( increase in enzymes produced by the liver ) - increase in enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ). shown in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes called transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes called transaminases ( a type of white blood cell ) in the blood . a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( transaminases ). - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening medical condition . - a reduction in the number of one of platelets in the blood . this can be seen in a blood test . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ). - a reduction in the number of cells involved in blood clotting ( transaminases ). - a reduction in the levels of sodium in the blood . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , tiredness . - respiratory tract infections , - throat irritation , - headache , - stomach pain , - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , - changes in some liver enzymes ( enzymes produced by the liver ). - increase in enzymes produced in the muscles ( creatine phosphokinase ). - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes ( transaminases ). shown in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which will show up in blood tests . - an increase in the levels of some liver enzymes ( transaminases ) which may be a sign of an increase in the level of some liver enzymes in the blood (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ). uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ). tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures ; swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ):
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away after the first dose of macugen . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and often last up to a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and often last up to a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild and often last up to a few days . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually happen when you start using this medicine . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , rash , itching back pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects usually
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions allergic reactions such as skin rash , itching , pruritus ( swelling ) in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet which may be accompanied by fever and fever . the frequency of these effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). stop taking digestive_enzymes and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the side effects above . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions , such as difficulty in breathing , breathing difficulties or swelling of the face contact your doctor immediately as these may be signs of a low blood calcium levels ( hypocalcaemia ) ( very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , indigestion , dyspepsia ( muscle pain ) - muscle spasms , muscle spasms , uncontrolled or uncontrolled tiredness , pain in arms or legs , back pain , headache , muscle pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in the limbs , feeling of numbness , numbness or tingling in hands and feet ( convulsions ), convulsions - low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps - back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms , uncontrolled or uncontrolled tiredness , pain in the limbs , numbness or tingling of hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , pain in arms or legs , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , back pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( arthralgia ), pain in the hands or feet , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , difficulty in getting or keeping an erection ( erectile dysfunction ), pain in the limbs , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the hands or feet , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , difficulty in getting or keeping an erection ( erectile dysfunction ), pain in the limbs , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , difficulty in getting or keeping an erection ( erectile dysfunction ), pain in the limbs , numbness , tingling or tingling in hands and feet ( numbness or tingling sensation ), convulsions ( low blood pressure ), hypotension ( cough ), abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), vomiting , nausea , constipation , rash , muscle spasms , back pain , muscle cramps or cramps , back pain , muscle spasms , pain in arms or legs , pain in the arms or legs , low levels of calcium in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood , chest pain , muscle spasms , muscle spasms ( myalgia ), pain in the hands or feet , numbness , tingling or burning sensation ( convulsions ), low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , abdominal pain , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ),
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious stop taking jentadueto and see a doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially life - threatening . lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - a hypersensitivity reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): - swelling in the mouth or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - a hypersensitivity reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) these are the signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section " warnings and precautions "): - swelling in the mouth or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , stop using this medicine and call your doctor immediately . - lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially serious side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction , see your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially potentially life - threatening . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( coma , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked syndrome has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : - lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - a marked syndrome has been reported very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : infection , fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , tiredness , nausea , vomiting , stomach ache , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , fever , infection , tiredness , chills , sweats , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , stomach
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and tell a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following serious side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before and during your treatment with avandamet . angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or mouth ) angioedema ( difficulties to breathe ) tell your doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . chest pain ( oedema ) or swelling , fluid retention ( oedema ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) shingles ( herpes ) infection of the lung ( bronchitis ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increase in the amount of sugar in the blood dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel oedema ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in some patients treated with insulin . symptoms may include : loss of appetite , waking up blood , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), swelling in the mouth , tongue and / or mouth ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing collapse . contact a doctor immediately if you get any of these symptoms . severe pain ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased bilirubin ( a protein ) in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased bilirubin ( a protein ) in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased bilirubin ( a protein ) in the blood . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased bilirubin in the blood ( anaemia ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) increased bilirubin ( a protein ) sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) increase in the amount of potassium in the blood , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a sudden drop in blood pressure , which could make you feel oedema ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness of breath , swelling ( oedema ), chest pain . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) in patients with insulin treatment , the signs may include : loss of appetite , waking up blood , headache , nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ), swelling in the mouth and throat ( angioedema ), causing difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of blood clots in the veins ( thrombosis ), which can make you feel oedema ( oedema ), swelling ( oedema ), chest pain , shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - this occurs in the first site . - these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking grepid . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; fever ; breathing difficulties ; painful redness and / or numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever , feeling tired , feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to anaemia) in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , feeling tired ( feeling tired ) fever ( high temperature ) low red blood cell count (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . severe side effects rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people signs of an allergic reaction may include : difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a stroke ( which may be a sign of sudden decrease or loss of vision ) which may be a sign of a heart attack or fainting , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting . this is a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , which may be signs of a stroke , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting , which may be signs of a heart attack or fainting . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : wheezing or shortness of breath , chest pain or throat tightness , being sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , rapid heart rate , electrocardiogram , a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest , discomfort or discomfort in your mouth or throat . the side effects described below have been observed during clinical trials are listed below . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , sleepiness , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 dizziness , paleness , dizziness , paleness , dizziness , diarrhoea , vomiting ( feeling sick ) 28 feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - back pain , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 28 - dizziness , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , rapid heart rate , electrocardiogram , a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest , discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat which may cause shortness of breath or ankle discomfort , stuffy nose , feeling or being sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - headache , dizziness , difficulty sleeping , anxiety , difficulty sleeping , trembling , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , eye pain , rapid heart rate , electrocardiogram , a fluttering or pounding feeling in your chest , discomfort or discomfort in your mouth and / or throat and / or shortness of breath . side effects with frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular or rapid heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - pain or discomfort in your back and / or jaw , which may cause shortness of breath or ankle swelling side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - sleepiness - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - dizziness - paleness - dizziness - diarrhoea - vomiting ( being sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) - 28 - headache - dizziness - difficulty sleeping - anxiety - difficulty sleeping ( trembling ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - eye pain - irregular heart beat ( electrocardiogram ) - irregular or rapid heart rate -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of viagra are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following , stop taking viagra and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you have any of the following : - sudden severe swelling of the skin , mouth , eyes and / or genitals , fever and / or seizures ( see section 2 ). other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood pressure , temporary low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the nose ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the lining of the large bowel ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling hot . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common may affect more than 1 in 10 people common may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon may affect up to 1 in 100 people rare may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people very rare may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , tell your doctor if you notice any changes in your behaviour . these side effects are : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) sweating nausea ( sickness ) common : urge to behave in an unusual way hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion , tiredness , fatigue , apathy , paranoia , paranoia ( e . g . excessive fear for one ' s own well - being ) delusion suicidal thoughts , hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ) confusion excessive daytime sleepiness and suddenly falling asleep weight increase hypotension ( low blood pressure ) excess of fluid , usually in the legs ( peripheral oedema ) allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itching , hypersensitivity ) fainting cardiac failure ( heart problems which can cause shortness of breath or dyspnoea ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inability to resist the impulse , drive or temptation to perform an action that could be harmful to you or others , which may include : - strong impulse to gamble excessively despite serious personal or family consequences ; - altered or increased sexual interest and behaviour of significant concern to you or to others , for example , an increased sexual drive ; - uncontrollable excessive shopping or spending ; - binge eating ( eating large amounts of food in a short time period ) or compulsive eating ( eating more food than normal and more than is needed to satisfy your hunger )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* not known : mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )* mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over excited )* delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion , loss of reality )*
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache ( especially when standing up ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) - changes in taste - rash - rash - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) - abnormal blood tests uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate , change in vision , eye pain , dry eye , abnormal sensation in the eye - rash - rash - changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) - eye pain , dry skin reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately , or go to your nearest emergency department , if you experience : weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , dress ]), symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , dress ]), symptoms such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . widespread rash , which may be accompanied by a high temperature - flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) flu - like symptoms , such as flu - like symptoms , a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) a flu - like symptoms with a rash on the face and then with an extended rash , high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cells ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives ( hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 29 - up of allergic reactions ( hives or hives ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects are listed below : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - cases of allergic reactions such as hives or hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 29 other side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the liver ( frequency not known ) other side effects not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blockage of the optic nerve ( glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of glaucoma ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( signs of cataract ) - blurred vision - clouding of the lens of your eyes ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 tell your doctor immediately if you experience symptoms such as high or low blood pressure , cough , fever , high fever , swelling of the face , throat , chest tightness , cough , fever , high blood pressure , swelling of hands , feet or ankles . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , fever , a sensation of tingling or discomfort , discomfort or pain in the arms and legs , stomach pain , frequent urination , blood in urine , fever , high blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory infection , stomach pain , stomach pain , discomfort in the arms or legs , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing up which may lead to cough , chest pain , stomach pain or discomfort , frequent urination , frequent urination , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection , low red blood cell count , cough , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , stomach pain , frequent urination , frequent urination , blood in urine , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness or swelling at the injection site . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ear infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , cough , upper respiratory infection , chest pain , cough , upper respiratory tract infection , urinary tract infection , urinary tract infection , high blood pressure , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) ear infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection low red blood cell count , low blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort , stomach pain , frequent urination low blood pressure , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection low red blood cell count , low blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort , stomach pain , frequent urination low blood pressure , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection low red blood cell count ( shown in a blood test ) cough , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort or stomach pain , frequent urination low blood pressure , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection low red blood cell count ( shown in a blood test ) cough , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain or discomfort , stomach pain , frequent urination low blood pressure , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) chest infection , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infections , stomach pain and discomfort , urinary tract infection low red blood cell count ( shown in a blood test ) cough , high blood pressure , cough , upper abdominal pain , discomfort or stomach pain , frequent urination low blood pressure , blood in urine , cough , pain , redness , swelling and / or swelling where the injection is given . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high blood pressure , dizziness , headache , upper respiratory tract infection , stomach pain and discomfort , frequent urination low blood pressure , low blood pressure when standing up ( low blood pressure ), cough , upper abdominal pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , decreased appetite , confusion , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , feeling tired , back pain , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , runny nose , fatigue , bruising , swelling ( itchy ) and back pain , feeling tired , fatigue , decreased appetite , constipation . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) decreased appetite , decreased appetite , decreased sense of touch , confusion , changes in vision , problems with speech , tingling sensation , numbness , tingling , numbness or tingling of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased urination , confusion , abnormal vision , drug reactions such as tingling , numbness , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( peripheral oedema ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting , nausea , constipation , nausea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , decreased interest , confusion , abnormal sensation in the skin ( such as tingling or numbness ), tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( paraesthesia ), blurred vision , dizziness , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , nose bleeds , vomiting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you experience any of the following symptoms : - trouble breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - these symptoms may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ). if you get any of the following symptoms or symptoms : - trouble breathing or breathing - dizziness - itchy rash ( hives ) - difficulty breathing or wheezing - these symptoms may be symptoms of a hypersensitivity reaction ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) if you experience any of the following symptoms or signs of dizziness or diarrhoea , - stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain or itching , rash , itchy rash , runny nose , sneezing , difficulty breathing . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - fainting , dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling sick , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , pain , itching , - itchy rash , hives , runny nose , - throat irritation , sneezing , cough , throat irritation - diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , stomach pain , stomach pain , itching , rash , itchy rash , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing , rash - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , sneezing , runny nose - sneezing , rash - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing , rash - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing , rash - itchy skin , hives - runny nose , hives - runny nose , sneezing , rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose - hives - rash - itchy skin - hives - runny nose - hives - runny nose
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 10 . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . c ) effects from frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions which may include a rash , itching or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) increase in liver enzymes . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
