like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - a rash , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a rash , itching or peeling skin and / or skin rash ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) - rash , itching all over the whole body , severe rash with peeling skin and / or peeling of the skin - fever . - flu - like symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - decrease in the number of red ( anaemia ), - diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , skin rash , hives ( urticaria ), - rash , peeling skin , hives ( urticaria ), - stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , rash , peeling skin , fever ( urticaria ), severe rash with peeling skin and / or peeling of the skin , fever , dark urine reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects , stop taking zinbryta and tell your doctor immediately . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you have any of the following side effects . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nasopharyngitis ( common ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections ( common cold ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection common side effects ( may affect up to runny_nose in 10 people ) skin reactions ( itchy , runny nose , sore throat and nasal congestion ) upper respiratory tract infections urinary tract infection , sore throat and nasopharyngitis ( rhinitis ) diarrhoea feeling sick ( nausea ) stomach pain ( eczema ) eczema 41 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 42 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may occur with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with wilzin were : very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very serious side effect ) hypoglycaemia ( a very serious side effect that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) hypoglycaemia is a very rare ( up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms include : - stomach ache - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy rash ( rash ) other side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin ( a substance produced by the liver ) - rash , itchy rash ( rash ) - increased liver enzymes in your blood ( shown in tests ) - rash - itchy rash ( rash ) - itchy rash ( feeling dizzy ) - nausea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - wind ( flatulence ) - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash , itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increased liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy rash - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - itchy rash - rash - hair loss - abnormal liver function tests - a decrease in the levels of liver enzymes in your blood - rash - itchy rash - rash - itchy skin - abnormal blood tests : increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash - increased liver enzymes in your blood - increases in liver enzymes - rash , itchy rash
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of pumarix are usually mild to moderate and of a short duration . if you experience any of the following side effects , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . if you experience any of the following or combination of the following side effects : - redness or swelling at the site of the injection ( such as bleeding , bruising , swelling or a hard lump ) - bleeding , - bruising , - vasculitis ( swelling ) in the legs or arms , bleeding in the brain or bleeding in the brain . - bleeding or bruising more easily than normal - bruising at the injection site extending to more than 6 weeks . the following side effects have been reported with pumarix : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions ( including redness , swelling or a hard lump ) where the injection is given - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - itching - common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions - itching - bruising - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - joint and joint pain - muscle spasms - painful or bruising - bruising or a reaction where the injection was given ( such as itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - itching - hives ( urticaria ) - increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ( such as itching ) - hives ( urticaria ) - unusual sleepiness ( seeing or hearing things that are not there ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - bleeding or bruising more easily in children . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection was given - headache - feeling dizzy - feeling sick ( sick ) - stomach pain - joint pain - muscle spasms - pain - itching common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - allergic reactions - itching - bruising - vasculitis ( inflammation of blood vessels ) - joint pain and muscle pain - muscle spasms - painful or bruising - bruising or a reaction where the injection was given ( such as itching , swelling or a hard lump ) at the injection site - skin reactions such as itching , hives , urticaria ( rash ) - increased sensitivity of the skin to the sun ( erythema multiforme ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) - paralysis - partial loss of vision - paralysis - temporary loss of vision - paralysis of the eye - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ) - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as ' guillain - barré syndrome '. - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of nerves ) and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - paralysis or inflammation of the nerves of the eye ( paralysis and guillain - barré syndrome ). - encephalomyelitis ( inflammation of the central nervous system ), and a type of paralysis known as guillain - barré syndrome . - paralysis and / or loss of consciousness ( paralysis of the central nervous system ). - bleeding from the brain or inside the brain ( paralysis at the site of injection ). if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) with symptoms such as difficulty breathing , itching , swelling of the face and difficulty breathing , stinging , reactions at the injection site ( itching at the injection site ), itching at the injection site may occur . these reactions are more likely to happen at the injection site . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your medicine can cause allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common side effects ( occurring in at least one in 10 patients ): signs include : pain , swelling , redness or pain at the site of the hands or soles of your feet , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction . the most common side effect of treatment is fever , chills , sore throat and mouth ulcers . infections can be life - threatening . if you notice any of these signs or signs , or if you notice any of the above signs : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . infections : if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . infections : if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , chills , sore throat or mouth ulcers . infections : if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , chills , sore throat , mouth ulcers or infections , which may be signs of a low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure ( hypertension ), nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal pain , fever , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia ), lymphopenia , leukopenia , headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 . high blood pressure ( hypertension ). nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal pain , fever , high blood pressure , severe tiredness , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), abdominal pain , fever , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure , a fall in white blood cells ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ). headache , dizziness , joint pain , 46 , high blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : decreased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine ( glaucoma ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or sore throat , sore throat or urinary problems ( common side effects ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) influenza - like symptoms , such as sore throat and sore throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat low or high blood pressure low blood pressure . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in your blood . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) blurred vision increase in the amount of sugar in your blood ( hypocalcaemia ) glaucoma ( difficulties in breathing ) nasal aminotransferase ( hoarseness ) swelling in your mouth and throat urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) dizziness . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe allergic reactions , which may include swelling of the face or throat , severe itching of the skin and difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , severe allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . the following side effects have been reported : headache joint pain arthralgia ( aching muscles ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction with hives and swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face or throat . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): upper respiratory tract infection . side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) and swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction , skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or swallowing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , serious allergic reactions with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . side effects in children and adolescents are headache , joint pain and arthralgia . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . difficulty breathing or swallowing . serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection . side effects in children and adolescents are headache , joint pain and arthralgia . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reaction . skin rash , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or swallowing . difficulty breathing or swallowing . serious allergic reaction with swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . some side effects are common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): urinary tract infection .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , light - headedness or fainting 36 uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( oedema peripheral ). common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( paraesthesia ), blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in your legs or discolouration , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or bleeding at the injection site , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain and discolouration , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain or discolouration , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain or discolouration , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , fluid retention , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain or discolouration , bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage . back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , pain in your arms and legs , discolouration or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage bruising and bleeding in the brain . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bruising , bruising or pain at the injection site , pain in arms or legs , ear pain , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of hands and feet ( oedema ). blood clots in the back , back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain . discolouration or bruising . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet . these side effects are very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 bruising or bruising at the injection site , such as pain , bruising or bleeding in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage , nose bleeds , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , fluid retention , bruising or tingling of the hands or feet , due to nerve damage bruising and bleeding in the brain . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) 36 bruising , bruising at the injection site , discolouration or bruising at the site of injection coughing up blood , low blood pressure , decreased appetite , nausea , vomiting uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , which may be due to blood clots in the legs ( deep vein thrombosis ), back pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone pain , bone
like all medicines , thorinane can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and an_increase . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling of burning or prickling sensation in your arms and / or hands . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache hot flush feeling of pressure in the arms and / or legs ( peripheral oedema ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) headache local feeling hot increase in the amount of " bodies in the body ( shown in a blood test ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes , rashes or itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe rash ); inflammation of the pancreas ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; rashes and itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain / or severe inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( stomatitis ); severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; rashes and itching ; dizziness ; sensation of heaviness and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; severe_abdominal_pain / or severe inflammation of the pancreas ; very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ); blood clots in the small blood vessels ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ); blood clots in the small blood vessels ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ); blood clots in the small blood vessels ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ); blood clots in the small blood vessels ( jaundice ) very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; jaundice ( severe abdominal pain ); inflammation of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) very rare side effects ( may affect up
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): diabetes_mellitus visual phenomena , visual loss , trembling , headache increased blood pressure , liver function tests abnormal , diarrhoea , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of platelets or high level of sugar in the blood high level of uric acid in the blood , seen in blood tests loss of appetite , confusion , headache increased blood pressure , liver function tests abnormal , diarrhoea , nausea common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): reduction in blood platelets which increases risk of platelets , red blood cells and / or white blood cells ( seen in blood tests ) high uric acid level in the blood , low calcium levels in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood low level of sodium in the blood , decreased appetite , confusion , disorientation , depression , mood changes , nightmare , hallucination , mental disturbance , fits , mental impairment , tingling , numbness or tingling of the fingers , toes , or fingers ( paraesthesia ) dizziness , impaired sense of touch loss of consciousness , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , bleeding or ringing in your ears , low blood pressure , bleeding in the chest , cough , flu like symptoms , stomach problems , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes , liver enzyme elevations , liver function tests abnormal including presence of excess protein in the urine , bleeding , ringing in the ears , low blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes , liver enzyme elevations , liver function tests abnormal , presence of protein in the urine , bleeding in the brain , bleeding in the brain , bleeding from small blood vessels , reduced blood pressure , bleeding in the brain , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( signs of liver problems ), yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , bleeding from the gums , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , bleeding from the vagina , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , bleeding from the gums , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools , yellowing of the skin and eyes , dark urine , yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations , yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), liver enzyme elevations which may cause yellowing of the skin or eyes , liver injury , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , bleeding from the vagina , cough , flu - like symptoms , stomach ache , bloating , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , bloating , loose stools
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes , rashes or itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_zentiva is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in ciambra v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist should record the name and the lot number of the product you have been given in your patient file . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of red and white blood cells , as well as platelets ( seen in blood tests ) signs of low blood platelet count such as redness , swelling or sores in your mouth and / or throat , which may be accompanied by vomiting , vomiting , skin rash , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles ( oedema peripheral ) 52 tiredness ( fatigue ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells , white blood cells and platelets stroke type of stroke when an artery to the brain is blocked bleeding inside the skull angina ( chest pain caused by reduced blood flow to the heart ) excess of fluid in the body , which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves that may cause lost of sensation , pain in your arms and / or legs ( may be in the eyelids ) ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) dry eye watery eyes dryness of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the eye ( cornea ) have been reported . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in red blood cells , which can make the skin pale and cause weakness or in the brain ( red ) change in the colour of the heart , which may cause muscle weakness and atrophy ( wasting ) primary in the arms and legs ) damage to the sensory nerves which may cause lost of sensation , tingling , irritation , and / or irritation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye dry eye watery eyes ; inflammation of the conjunctiva ( the membrane that lines the eyelids and covers the white of the eye ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the conjunctiva ( the clear layer of the eyelids ) and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the salivary glands and cornea ( the clear layer in front of the iris and pupil . swelling of the retina of the eye which may cause dryness , tearing , irritation , and redness of the skin ; red skin ; dryness of the mouth , throat , nose , genitalia , hands , feet and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ); dryness or tearing of the mouth ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the nail ; swelling of the salivary glands uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) reduction in the number of white blood cells ; reduction in blood platelets , which increases risk of bleeding or brain bleeding ; small red or purple spots caused by bleeding under the skin ; small particles or spots in the urine ; swelling of the salivary glands ; dryness of the salivary glands ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the conjunctiva ; tearing of the nails ; dryness of the conjunctiva ; swelling of the salivary glands ; dryness of the salivary ; swelling of the salivary glands ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin ; dryness of the skin with itching of the skin ; lichenoid reactions ( itchy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the side effects reported in association with the use of immunogam are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear within a few days to a few weeks of injection . if you experience any of the following symptoms : - hives , rash , hives , headache , shortness of breath , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - rash - hives rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) the side effects listed below have occurred in the days or weeks after 7 days after the last injection . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : dizziness , dizziness , nausea , joint pain , back pain , fever , fatigue , fever , nausea , fatigue , headache and dizziness . the most common side effect ( at the injection site ) and hives may occur . the infusion may be continued . if any of these side effects occur , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or nurse .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat which may cause breathing difficulties and difficulty breathing . if you notice any of these signs , tell your doctor straight away . the signs may include : swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pale or purple skin , severe blistering of the skin and / or eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you get any of these signs or signs of infection , or if you notice any of the above signs or signs of infection : tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of infection such as : - bruising or bleeding , - bruising , - red or red spots on the skin , or pale - coloured urine , or pale - coloured urine , - fever and flu - like symptoms , night sweats , or feeling tired . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome ", which might be fatal . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - fever , or infection , including blood platelets , - sore throat or headache , - this occurs rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - signs of severe infection such as reddish - target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by fever and flu - like symptoms . - severe skin reactions ( e . g . fever or infection ) - low blood platelets ( neutropenia , which may make you feel pale or make your skin pale and make you feel pale and have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop using rasagiline_mylan and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : 24 very common ( affects more than 1 user in 10 ) - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - nausea , constipation - dry mouth - decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - abnormal dreams - weight increase - decreased appetite - confusion - hallucinations - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - abnormal weight - decreased appetite - confusion - hallucinations - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - abnormal dreams - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure with symptoms such as chest pain , light - headedness , confusion , hallucinations , - loss of appetite ( anorexia ) - decreased appetite - constipation - dry mouth - nausea , constipation - very decreased appetite - decreased appetite - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include : runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasms - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include : runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling of general discomfort , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure ( symptoms include runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations ) - decreased appetite - weight decreased - headache - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations , decreased appetite , weight decreased , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle spasm - chest pain ( angina pectoris ) - low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , chest pain , general feeling of being unwell , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations , decreased appetite , weight loss , headache , dry mouth , nausea , constipation , very low counts of white blood cells , decreased appetite , headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint or muscle pain , chest pain and difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ), - low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , chest pain , feeling hot , confusion , hallucinations , hallucinations , decreased appetite , weight decreased , - headache , joint pain ( arthralgia ), joint or muscle pain , chest pain and difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( erectile dysfunction ), - low blood pressure with symptoms such as runny nose , chest pain ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most side effects are mild to moderate . however , some may be serious and require 4 days . injection site reactions ( such as pain , redness , swelling or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , pneumonia ) headache , abdominal ( belly ) pain , nausea and vomiting . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nausea and vomiting , as these may be signs of a severe infection called " sepsis " ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking hulio and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . shingles ( e . g . shingles , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) a condition called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a drop in blood pressure . this is a rare side effect . it may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people . signs of a potentially life - threatening condition called rash , which may be accompanied by fever , trouble breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a drop in blood pressure . this is a sign of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience muscle problems such as : - abnormal muscle breakdown , - muscle spasms , - abnormal muscle sensations , - abnormal muscle breakdown , - kidney problems . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , drop in blood pressure , swallowing , dizziness or paralysis of the face or lips , - an increase of certain enzymes in the blood ( immunoglobulins ), - muscle stiffness , - abnormal muscle sensations , - muscle spasms , abnormal muscle sensations , - kidney problems . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a reaction called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , drop in blood pressure , swallowing , dizziness or breathing difficulties , your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat a blood clot . - muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms , legs and / or jaw , which may cause muscle weakness and abnormal muscle sensations . - kidney problems . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a condition called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , breathing difficulties or swallowing , dizziness or a drop in blood pressure . - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; - painful and / or painful erection . - slowing of growth in children and adolescents . - muscle spasms . - muscle spasms . - abnormal muscle breakdown . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a condition called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , drop in blood pressure , swallowing , dizziness or breathing difficulties . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and legs , damage to the sense of taste , loss of taste , abnormal muscle movements . - kidney impairment . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a condition called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , breathing difficulties or swallowing , dizziness or a drop in blood pressure . - inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ). - yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ; muscle disease presenting as unexplained aches and pains ; - painful and / or painful erection . - slowing of growth in children and adolescents . - muscle spasms . - muscle spasms . - abnormal muscle breakdown . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - a condition called dress [ severe rash , which may be accompanied by fever , drop in blood pressure , swallowing , dizziness or breathing difficulties . - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). - muscle weakness , abnormal sensations , tingling in the arms and legs , during post - marketing experience , muscle spasms , abnormal muscle sensations , leakage of milk from the breasts , - kidney problems . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - cancer of the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - inflammation or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - muscle aches - spasms - headache - breathing difficulties - wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , muscle aches , spasms , headache , breathing difficulties , wheezing , immediately , symptoms such as low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , feeling agitated , headache , insomnia , - feeling of tension , - eye pain , feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , increased heart rate , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds - nose bleeds . - ringing in the ears , burping , - loss of appetite , retching , belching , - liver problems , - difficulty in getting or keeping an erection , - yellowing of the skin and eyes , rash , excessive sweating , muscle twitching , muscle aches , spasms , spasms , weakness or weakness on one side of the pain_in_the_extremities - these may be signs of peripheral neuropathy . other side effects very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - insomnia ( feeling of being sick ), - feeling or being sick ( nausea or vomiting ), - diarrhoea , - stomach pain , - muscle aches , - spasms , headache , breathing difficulties , wheezing or immediately , symptoms include low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , feeling agitated , headache , insomnia , - feeling of tension , - eye pain , feeling sleepy , insomnia , confused , increased heart rate , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , nose bleeds - nose bleeds . - ringing in the ears , burping , - loss of appetite , retching , belching , night sweats , difficulty in swallowing , bloating , belching , kidney problems - difficulty in getting or keeping an erection - increased or abnormal skin sensitivity to light , rash , excessive sweating , muscle twitching , muscle aches , spasms , spasms , weakness or weakness , pain_in_the_extremities or dark - coloured urine . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - insomnia ( feeling of being sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - muscle aches - spasms - headache - breathing difficulties - wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , muscle aches , spasms , headache , breathing difficulties , wheezing , immediately , symptoms include low blood pressure , high blood pressure . - nose bleeds . - nose bleed . - ringing in the ears , burping , passing wind , retching , dry mouth , loss of appetite , bloating , belching , kidney problems . - difficulty in swallowing . - bloating . - belching . - kidney problems . - difficulty with your oxygen . - yellowing of the skin and eyes , rash , excessive sweating , muscle aches , muscle aches , spasms , spasms , weakness or weakness , pain_in_the_extremities or dark - coloured urine . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - insomnia ( feeling of being sick ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - stomach pain - muscle aches - spasms - headache - breathing difficulties - wheezing - immediately tell your doctor immediately if you get symptoms such as low blood pressure , high blood pressure . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - stomach pain , feeling sick ( nausea ), vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , muscle aches , spasms , headache , breathing difficulties , wheezing , immediately , symptoms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects stop taking erleada and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following symptoms : fever , shortness of breath , chest pain or heart problems which could be a sign of heart problems ( see also in section 2 ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired feeling tired or tired shortness of breath chest pain or discomfort fever flu - like symptoms sore throat . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite weight loss uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit changes in heart rate and heart attack . symptoms may include blood tests may show : an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram ( electrocardiogram ) which may cause abnormal heart rhythm ( electrocardiogram ) which may be a sign of an heart attack , shortness of breath , chest pain and shortness of breath . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . blood tests may also show an increase in some liver enzymes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): decreased appetite weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heart rhythm , rapid heart rate . symptoms of blood clots in the heart ( electrocardiogram ), which may be a sign of an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram in your blood , which may cause shortness of breath , chest pain and shortness of breath . if you experience any of these symptoms , inform your doctor as soon as possible . blood tests may also show an increase in some liver enzymes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . decreased appetite weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heart rhythm , rapid heart rate . symptoms of blood clots in the heart ( electrocardiogram ), which may be a sign of an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram in your blood , which may cause shortness of breath , chest pain and shortness of breath . if you experience any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately . blood tests may also show an increase in some liver enzymes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . decreased appetite weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heartbeats or heart rhythm disturbances . symptoms of blood clots in the heart ( electrocardiogram ), which may be a sign of an increase in the levels of electrocardiogram in your blood , which may cause shortness of breath , chest pain and shortness of breath . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . decreased appetite weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heartbeats or heart attack . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased heart rate . symptoms of blood clots in the arteries ( electrocardiogram ) which may be associated with shortness of breath , chest pain and shortness of breath . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . decreased appetite weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heartbeats or heart attack . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): increased heart rate . symptoms of blood clots in the arteries ( electrocardiogram ), which may be associated with your heart function ( electrocardiogram ). your doctor may find changes in your blood or urine test results . contact your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the side effects listed above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): tired or weight loss . decreased appetite weight loss . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): fit , irregular heartbeats or heart attack . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you get any side effects , talk to your nuclear medicine doctor . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . for more information on the side effects of axumin may occur . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in 100 v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): headache , drowsiness , dizziness , nervous system disorders , nightmare , memory impairment , nervousness , visual disturbance , ringing in the ears , increased heart rate , nose bleeds , cough , shortness of breath , sneezing , wheezing , asthma , sinus problems , throat irritation , sneezing , stuffy nose , diarrhoea , upset stomach , abdominal pain , abnormal liver function tests , sinus disorder , cold sweat , skin rash , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in the hands or feet , feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in the hands or feet , feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in the hands or feet , feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in the hands or feet , feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in the hands or feet , feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell , muscle spasms , pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet , - feeling numb , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , dry skin , dry skin , itching , - rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet , - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - ringing in the ears , dry eye , dry eye , eye irritation , - itching , - rash , - muscle spasms , feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - ringing in the ears , dry eye , dry eye , eye irritation , - itching , - rash , - hair loss , and feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - ringing in the ears , dry eye , dry eye , dry eye , eye irritation , - itching , - rash , - hair loss , and feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , dry eye . - dry skin , itching , - rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , dry eye . - dry skin , itching , - rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , dry eye . - dry skin , itching , - rash , muscle spasms , feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - increased eye pressure , dry eye . - dry skin , itching , - rash , - muscle spasms , - feeling unwell . - pain , swelling , redness or pain in your hands or feet . - feeling numb . - blurred vision . - increased eye pressure . - dry skin , dry skin , itching , - rash , - hair loss , - abnormal blood clotting . - abnormal blood clotting . - inability to obtain the impulse to perform an erection . - ringing in the ears , dry eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , - itching , - rash , hair loss , increased sensitivity to light , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sensitivity to light , - abnormal sensation in the eye , - itching , - rash , hair loss , changes in colour of the eye , abnormal sensation in the eye , - itching , - rash , hair loss ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop taking forxiga and contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - sweating , - sweating , - breathing difficulties , - swollen face , - hives , or breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - sweating , - breathing difficulties , - swollen face , - hives , - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - diabetic ketoacidosis ( rare , may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in swallowing or hives , breathing difficulties as these may indicate signs of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight loss - a very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - as a consequence of diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 warnings and precautions ): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - swelling of your face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or hives - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of an allergic reaction . - diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions '): - increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood - rapid weight gain - swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue , or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing - breathing difficulties - diabetic ketoacidosis ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) high blood sugar may occur if you : have not injected enough insulin . forget to inject your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . forget to use your insulin or stop taking insulin . repeatedly inject less insulin than you need . get an infection and / or feeling of sweating , sweating , feeling very anxious , fast heart beat , feeling hungry , headache , change in vision , unusual eye movement , feeling confused . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar common ( may affect up to 1 in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache . common side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 people dizziness , drowsiness , difficulty sleeping , blurred vision , rapid breathing , chest discomfort , nasal congestion , upset stomach , indigestion , constipation , diarrhoea , loss of appetite , hair loss , itching , dry skin , rash , itching , muscle spasms , frequent urination , muscle spasms , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , loss of weight , pain , swelling , redness , swelling or inflammation at the injection site ( signs of an infusion - related reaction , which may include fever , chills , shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering , or shivering , which may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes fever , chills and shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering or shivering , fluid retention , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness or paralysis of the arms or legs , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness , fluid retention , pain , swelling , redness or inflammation at the injection site , weight loss , muscle spasms , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering , or shivering , which may be signs of a condition - difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness or paralysis of the arms or legs , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness , collection of fluid around the skin or an signs of a condition called fever , chills and shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering , or shivering , which may be signs of a condition - difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness or paralysis of the arms or legs , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness , collection of fluid around the skin or an signs of a condition called fever , chills and shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to an_operation - chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering , or shivering , which may be signs of a condition - difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness or paralysis of the arms or legs , difficulty sleeping , drowsiness , weakness , collection of fluid in your body , weight gain , drowsiness , weakness , collection of fluid around the skin or an signs of a condition called fever , chills , shivering , stomach pain , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , hair loss , rash , itching , dry skin , hair loss , muscle spasms , frequent urination , frequent urination , weight loss , decreased appetite , weight loss , decreased appetite , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to an_operation - chills , shivering , fever , sweating , fatigue , weakness , shivering , or shivering , which may be signs of a condition - difficulty sleeping
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flushing , skin_rash , skin rash , acne , swelling of the palms of the hands or feet ( allergic reaction ), acne - like rash , swelling , swelling or discomfort in the tongue or face of the face and mouth ( possible signs of allergic reaction ), acne , skin rash , discomfort in the face , face or mouth or any other signs of allergic reaction ( e . g . acne and skin_pain skin ), acne , skin rash , discomfort or swelling around the skin where the injection is given . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache dizziness common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness , flushing , dry skin , acne , skin redness , dry skin , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne or skin reddening , skin redness , acne , skin reddening
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to bevacizumab . allergic reactions if you have an allergic reaction , stop taking mvasi and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat - which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing - an allergic reaction - rash , peeling , bleeding or bleeding_in_the_lungs on the skin ( purpura ) - change in lung function ( lung injury or arteries ) - a blood clot in the veins of your veins in your lungs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in the veins of the veins in the legs - a blood clot in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following serious side effects : - severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your an_infection , as well as fever , chills , breathing problems as these may be signs of infections . tell your doctor if you develop a combination of an infection such as fever , chills , rapid breathing , changes in vision , swelling of your lips , breathlessness , or loss of consciousness . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - bone swelling - swelling and / or low blood platelets which may make you more prone to infections or decrease in white blood cells which may make you more prone to infections and may be life - threatening . - fever or chills - breathing difficulties as these may be signs of a drop in the number of white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections or decrease in white blood cells which may make you more prone to infections and may be life - threatening . - fever , chills , cough , sore throat , slurred_speech , disorientation , disorientation - loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration - dental problems - difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath with exercise - blood clots in a deep vein ( deep vein thrombosis ) - fever - infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration - difficulties breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , shortness of breath without exercise , which may be a sign of a condition called cytokine release syndrome which causes fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , changes in vision , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , swelling of your feet or ankles , which may be a sign of a condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : - fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , cardiac attack , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , and swelling in your legs ( signs of a condition known as pulmonary oedema ). - a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome which may lead to loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which might be fatal . signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , cardiac attack , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or serious infections , which may be a sign of a condition called cytokine release syndrome which causes fever , infection or extreme tiredness , dehydration , cardiac attack , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , cardiac attack , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or serious infections , which may be a sign of a condition called cytokine release syndrome which causes fever , infection or extreme tiredness , dehydration , cardiac attack , confusion , disorientation , loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , cardiac attack , difficulty breathing , shortness of breath , shortness of breath , or serious skin infections , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : fever , chills , breathlessness , changes in vision , confusion , disorientation or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a condition called cytokine release syndrome - fever , infection or extreme tiredness ( dehydration ) - dehydration , cardiac attack , difficulty breathing , shortness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : hives , itching , rash , blistering of the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , stop taking this medicine and call your doctor right away . your doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat your allergic reaction and a different medicine for your diabetes . some patients have experienced the following side effects after adding alone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) reported in clinical studies for patients treated with pioglitazone were : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) flu ( e . g . when you have had hepatitis b in the past ) when sitagliptin is used alone : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) flu and adolescents : dry mouth , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , 64 kidney problems , joint pain , back pain , blood in urine , kidney impairment , dialysis ( vomiting ), joint pain , muscle pain , back pain , interstitial lung disease , bullous pemphigoid ( a type of skin blister ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your body . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . if this happens to you , stop using xultophy and talk to your doctor straight away : allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause a rash , rash , itching or hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ). - rash , itchy rash , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , which may be signs of a serious allergic reaction ( frequency not known ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - headache - general feeling of being sick ( nausea , vomiting , indigestion , heartburn , wind ) - wind ( flatulence ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling weak or eructation ( asthenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling weak or eructation ( asthenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling drowsy or eructation ( asthenia ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion ( loose stools ) - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - feeling weak ( eructation ) - feeling weak ( eructation ) - lipase ( amylase ) - amylase - lipase - lipase - abnormal blood test results for high blood sugar - high blood sugar - high blood sugar - diabetes - dehydration - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( wind ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - constipation - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ) - bloating ( stomach ache ) - bloating - stomach pain - bloating ( loose stools ) - bloating ( wind ) - bloating - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ) - bloating - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - passing wind ( flatulence ) - bloating - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach pain - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating - stomach ache - bloating -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . the most commonly observed side effects of giotrif are mild and moderate . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , rash , itching all over the whole body , peeling , swelling or sores in your mouth ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience a cough , fever and swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , shortness of breath or cough . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) - dizziness , nausea ( upper respiratory tract infection ) - cough - abdominal pain ( stomach pain ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - change in the way the eyes ( food reflux ) - nausea ( loss of appetite ) - stomach ( abdominal ) pain - abnormal liver function tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests - rash - abnormal liver function tests - rash - redness and pain - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - rash - abnormal liver function tests uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - liver injury . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions hypersensitivity reactions ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms may include : fever , feeling very tired , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness , itchy rash ( hives ). other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) sore throat feeling tired feeling very tired ( fatigue ) loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or diarrhoea , 78 78 common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( anaemia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell count ( neutropenia , lymphopenia , leukopenia ) low white blood cell
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( including symptoms such as rash , itching , fever , rapid breathing , heart attack , rapid heart rate , heart attack , irregular heart beat , fast heart rate , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea and / or diarrhoea ). these could be symptoms of a rash , shivering , sweating , rash or itching . these symptoms can be symptoms of an allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , rash , itching , redness , swelling or fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering and dizziness . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ; rash ; itching ; fever ; restlessness ; rapid breathing ; rapid breathing ; fast heart rate ; heart attack ; fast heart rate ; heart attack ; irregular heart rhythm ; heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats ; feeling sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; diarrhoea ; tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , rash , itching , redness , swelling , fever or shivering . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering and dizziness . very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ; rash ; itching ; fever ; restlessness ; rapid breathing ; rapid breathing ; fast heart rate ; heart attack ; fast heart rate ; heart attack ; irregular heart rhythm ; heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats heart attack ; irregular heart beats ; feeling sick ( vomiting ); diarrhoea ; diarrhoea ; tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , rash , itching , redness or swelling , fever and shivering . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ; rash , itching , fever , breathing difficulties , rapid breathing , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , rapid heart rate , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , rapid heart rate , blood clots , rapid heart rate , heart attack , rapid heart rate , blood clots , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , feeling of tightening of your heart , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea and diarrhoea . these symptoms may be signs of fever . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach ache , diarrhoea , rash , itching , redness , redness or fever . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): rash , itching , fever , shivering . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergic reactions ; rash , itching , fever , breathing difficulties , rapid breathing , heart attack , fast heart rate , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , rapid heart rate , blood clots , rapid heart rate , heart attack , rapid heartbeat , irregular heart rhythm , heart attack , rapid heart rate , blood clots , rapid heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , feeling
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects : severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your drop_in_blood_pressure , as well as breathlessness , drop in blood pressure and difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue have been reported in patients treated with ovaleap . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) reactions at the injection site reactions including pain , bruising , redness , swelling , irritation , pain , redness , swelling or pain at the site of the injection . this usually clears up in a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally disappear within a few days to a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site reactions including pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection . these usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including : pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including : pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection site ) low blood platelet count . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): changes in blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) increase in blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) reactions at the injection site , such as pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain at the site of the injection . these usually occur within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally disappear within a few days to a few weeks . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) injection site reactions ( including : pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including : pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions can become reduced during treatment with epoetin alfa ( see also section 2 " warnings and precautions "). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including : pain , bruising , swelling , irritation , bruising , redness , swelling and / or pain ) at the site of the injection . these reactions can occur at least 2 to 3 days after a injection of injection . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions ( including pain , bruising ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking voriconazole_accord and tell a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation : - if you experience disorder from the side effects listed below : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people - painful and painful skin common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - blood in the urine ( shown in tests ) - blood tests may show changes related to kidney function ( such as ' creatinine ') - depression - depression - confusion - confusion ( very common ) - blurred vision - blurred vision - a change in the way things taste - a sudden change in your mood or loss of taste - a change in your sense of taste - a change in your sense of taste - a change in your sense of taste in your vision - rash - fever - chills - weakness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - confusion - seizures - tremors - uncontrolled_muscle_movements ( double vision ) - double vision , double vision , double vision , seeing or hearing things that are not there ( double vision ) - rapid or irregular heartbeat - severe swelling of the skin and other tissues ( most often the mouth or the eyes ) - jaundice ( jaundice ) - fever - chills - weakness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - seizures , tremors , double vision , double vision , double vision , visual impairment , loss of vision , loss of contact with your mouth - severe swelling of your face or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - fever - chills - weakness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - seizures - tremors - tremors - abnormal sensation in the mouth - double vision - double vision - hearing loss - loss of consciousness - severe swelling of the skin and other parts of the mouth - jaundice ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - fever - chills - weakness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - seizures , tremors , sleep disturbance , double vision , double vision , visual impairment , loss of vision , loss of contact with your mouth - severe swelling of your face or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - jaundice ( jaundice ) - fever - chills - weakness - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or eyes - severe breathing difficulties - confusion - seizures - tremors - tremors - abnormal sensation in the mouth - double vision - double vision - hearing loss - loss of consciousness - blood clots in your veins ( deep vein thrombosis ) - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the mouth ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering of the skin ( bullous pemphigoid ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - blistering
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you experience any of the following side effects , please contact your doctor as soon as possible : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling and redness where the injection is given . itching , pain , swelling and / or redness at the injection site . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling or pain where the injection is given itching and warmth where the injection was given itching and warmth . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): warmth , swelling and pain where the injection is given itching and warmth where the injection was given . these side effects are usually mild to moderate in intensity and are not long - lasting . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . most of the side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . in general , these side effects may occur . they are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks . in general , these side effects may occur . they are usually mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of bondronat . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) hypertension ( low blood pressure ) is a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in 10 people ( see section 2 ) hypertension ( high blood pressure ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of calcium in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of calcium in the blood ( shown in tests ) decreased level of calcium in the blood ( shown in tests ) decreased level of calcium in the blood common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in blood tests ) decreased level of calcium in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in potassium in your blood low level of calcium in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreased level of calcium in the blood ( shown in tests ) decreased level of platelets in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreased level of platelets in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine levels in the blood unusual feelings of the heart muscle ( graft versus host disease ) feeling dizzy , feeling weak , sore throat , or changes in taste ( dysgeusia ) sore throat , changes in taste hair loss ( alopecia ) arthritis ( a burning sensation ) arthritis ( a burning sensation ) in your legs or legs ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) side effects with frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) asthma ( fits ) 59 ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) stomach ( abdominal ) pain high level of uric acid in the blood low level of calcium in the blood high level of calcium in your blood low level of calcium in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) decreased appetite swelling of hands , ankles or feet ( peripheral oedema ) feeling dizzy ( feeling weak ) sore throat , changes in taste hair loss ( alopecia ) arthritis ( a burning sensation ) arthritis ( infection of the small blood vessels in the lungs ) problems with your bone or gut ( gastrointestinal perforation ) signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and white of the eyes ( jaundice ) discharge from the gums ( signs may include discharge , shaking , shaking , shaking ) drop in blood pressure on standing up ( orthostatic hypotension ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain feeling sick ( nausea ) being sick ( vomiting ) diarrhoea stomach ( abdominal ) pain low calcium levels in blood low level of calcium in the blood high level of calcium in your blood low level of calcium in your blood ( shown in tests ) decreases in creatinine ( shown in laboratory blood tests ) decreased appetite constipation feeling dizzy feeling weak feeling weak , sore throat , changes in taste hair loss ( alopecia ) arthritis ( a burning sensation ) arthritis ( infection of the skin ) bone or muscle ( musculoskeletal ) pain in hands or feet ( oedema ) discharge or shaking of the fingers or fingers if you notice any of the side effects above , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects . liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported in blood tests . the signs may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) blood tests may show an increase in some liver enzymes . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) allergic reaction with a serious allergic reaction which may include : o a swollen face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ; breathlessness ; difficulty in breathing ; this may be due to a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of fluid in the lungs which causes breathlessness , breathlessness and blurred vision ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or other signs of infection ( such as a severe infection of the lung or copd ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) symptoms of a lung infection include : fever , chills , increased mucus production , change in mucus colour , increased cough or increased breathing difficulties . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) sore , raised , raised patches in your mouth or throat ( signs of a urinary tract infection ) high uric acid levels in the blood , which may cause joint pain and constipation . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) irregular heart beat ( atrial fibrillation ) fractures ( a side effect that may be a sign of blurred vision ) 37 reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the potential risks and benefits of your treatment . stop using zinforo and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - breathing difficulties as a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) - flu - like symptoms , which are very important to talk to your doctor if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you develop any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of these symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). if you develop any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your treatment . - a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported . if you notice any of these symptoms , or if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . skin , mouth , tongue , mouth , face or throat , with a severe allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( flu - like symptoms , a severe allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of severe allergic reaction or anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). if you develop any of these symptoms , or if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . skin , mouth , tongue , mouth , face or throat , with a severe allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( flu - like symptoms , a severe allergic reaction ), anaphylaxis ( flu - like symptoms , which may be a sign of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ), flu - like symptoms , which are very important to tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). if you get any of these symptoms , or if you notice any of the following signs or signs of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the following signs or signs of a severe allergic reaction or if you notice any of the above signs or signs of a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylaxis ). you may develop a skin rash or sores in your mouth , as these may indicate severe , sometimes life - threatening reactions ( anaphylaxis ), flu - like symptoms , which are very important to talk to your doctor if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you develop any of these symptoms , as they may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ). you should tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of the following : - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain or pain - irritation , irritation , itching or bruising - minor bleeding . your doctor may do a blood test to check your urine function . your doctor may decide to increase your heparin dose during dialysis . your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . - low level of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) shown in blood tests - increase in a type of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of blood platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) in your blood - an increase in the number of creatinine ( a substance produced in the blood ) - feeling sick ( nausea ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain , irritation , itching or bruising - bleeding - a decrease in the amount of some specific white blood cells in your blood ( which can neutropenia ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( neutropenia ) - leucopenia ( decrease in the number of white blood cells ) in the blood called an increase in a type of white blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) - shown in blood tests , an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( neutropenia , leucopenia ) - shown in blood tests , an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . rare cases of allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ), swollen face , itchiness , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or swallowing , chest tightness , feeling light - headed , sudden loss of consciousness , fainting , increased sensitivity to noise , feeling unwell , dry skin , eye swelling , eye pain , weak eyes , watery eyes , incontinence , weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal heart rhythm . abnormal heart rhythm , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased heart rate , increased blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , changes in heart beat , flushing , hot flushes . difficulty breathing , dry nose , nasal congestion . increased saliva production , heartburn , numb around mouth . sweating , rash , chills , fever . muscle twitching , joint swelling , muscle stiffness , muscle stiffness . incontinence , weakness , thirst , chest tightness . changes in blood and liver test results ( blood creatinine phosphokinase increased , alanine aminotransferase increased , aspartate aminotransferase increased , platelet count decreased , neutropaenia , increase in blood creatinine , decrease in blood potassium ). hypersensitivity , swollen face , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , incontinence . weakness , thirst , chest tightness . coldness of hands and feet . very rare reported side effects : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , incontinence . cold sweat , itchiness , hives , runny nose , nose bleed , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods . coldness of hands and feet . very rare reported side effects : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people abnormal sense of smell , swinging vision , altered perception of depth , visual brightness , eye swelling . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): abnormal dreams , slow heart rate , increased heart rate , cough , snoring . painful menstrual periods .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment or hospitalisation : if you have any of the following or combination of the following side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : you have a sign of low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ), high blood sugar , high uric acid levels in the blood , decreased appetite , confusion , disorientation , mood swings , hallucinations , abnormal dreams , suicidal thoughts and loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes bruising , pain and weakness of the upper right side of the stomach area ( jaundice ) have been reported . if you experience any of these , tell your doctor straight away . other side effects include : - blood poisoning , fever , sore throat , cough , o fast heartbeat , sweating , muscle twitching , feeling sleepy , restlessness , disorientation , confusion , disorientation , mood changes or cramps , disorientation , mental status or suicidal thoughts . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have stopped taking medicines , you may experience some of the following signs : - fever , sore throat , cough , difficulty sleeping , sweating , muscle twitching , feeling sleepy , restlessness , disorientation , confusion , disorientation , mood changes or cramps , disorientation , mental status or suicidal thoughts . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have stopped taking medicines , you may experience some of the following signs : - fever , sore throat , cough , difficulty sleeping , sweating , muscle twitching , feeling sleepy , restlessness , disorientation , confusion , disorientation , mood changes or cramps , disorientation , mental status or suicidal thoughts . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your eye and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have stopped taking medicines , you may experience some of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache , feeling tired , feeling weak , insomnia , nausea , diarrhoea , constipation , itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching , - itching ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious side effects , which may be signs of heart problems : breathing difficulties or breathing difficulties if you get any of these signs , seek medical advice immediately . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : stop taking zytiga and tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : muscle spasms , blood in your urine , or changes in your urine , or changes in your heart rhythm ( ecg ), palpitations , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in blood pressure , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ), palpitations , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ), palpitations , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ), palpitations , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation , ecg ), palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation , ecg ), palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation , qt prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , ecg ) and palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and heart rhythm disturbances ( qt prolongation , qt interval prolongation ) arrhythmia , palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in blood pressure , changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ), qt interval prolongation ( ecg ), palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation , ecg ) and palpitations , rapid heart rate , changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) and abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal blood test results for pancreas function ( arrhythmia , palpitations ) - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - abnormal heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - arrhythmia , palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation ( ecg ) - palpitations ( fast or irregular heart beats ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation - arrhythmia , palpitations - irregular heart rate - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation - arrhythmia , palpitations - rapid heart rate - high or low blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - changes in heart rhythm ( qt prolongation ) - changes in the electrical activity of the heart ( ecg ) - qt interval prolongation - arrhythmia - palpitations - rapid heart rate - high or low blood pressure - changes in ecg ( qt prolongation
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : heart problems : shingles , inflammations , bleeding , bruising , swelling or oedema ( a reduction in the number of red blood cells ). tired , shortness of breath , chest pain and a drop in blood pressure . infection , fever , flu like symptoms , night sweats , feeling weak , tired , coughing , burning sensation , feeling weak or tired , nausea , vomiting , nervous system problems such as tingling , numbness or double vision , arm or leg weakness . signs of skin_cancer include blood poisoning problems such as persistent bruising , bruising , bleeding , paleness the following side effects have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infection , pneumonia ) headache , abdominal ( belly ) pain , nausea , vomiting , nausea and vomiting , vomiting not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) if you experience any of the above signs or signs of liver problems : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu - like symptoms , blisters of the face , mouth , eyes and / or genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , call your doctor as soon as possible . the following reactions have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , urinary tract infections and pneumonia ) headache abdominal ( abdominal ) pain , nausea , vomiting , nausea and vomiting ( flatulence ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ) liver damage which may cause yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes and can be preceded by flu - like symptoms , blisters in the mouth , eyes , and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). if you experience any of these , call your doctor as soon as possible . the following reactions have been reported with adalimumab : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including pain , swelling , redness or itching ) respiratory tract infections ( including cold , runny nose , sinus infections , urinary tract infections and pneumonia ) headache abdominal ( abdominal ) pain , nausea , vomiting , nausea and vomiting ( flatulence ) rash . inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and white parts of the eyes ( jaundice ) liver damage which may be a sign of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( jaundice ), stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu - like symptoms , enlarged lymph nodes , fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), allergic reactions ( e . g . severe skin reactions , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu - like symptoms , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), allergic reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu - like symptoms , facial erythema , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , angioedema ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing ), allergic reactions ( e . g . stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , flu
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of the infusion or later hours after the infusion begins . if this happens to you , contact your doctor immediately . the infusion may be continued after the infusion and for at least six hours after the start of your treatment . if you develop an allergic reaction ( hives , skin reactions , itching , blisters on the skin / swollen face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in swallowing or swallowing ), or fever , as this may be a sign of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) and mild to moderate . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections , bronchitis , decrease in the number of white blood cells ( bronchitis ) and a decrease in the number of colds ( a type of white blood cells ) which can be severe and can be life - threatening . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections ( including bronchitis ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( colds ) infusion - related reactions ( the infusion may include : chest tightness , shortness of breath , nose bleeds , runny nose , high or low blood pressure , changes in muscle tone or shakiness , feeling dizzy , irritability , low blood pressure , dizzy , tired or sleepy ) low blood pressure ( dizzy , tired , throat or throat ) itchy , itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( itchy ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) itchy skin ( hives ) if you get any of these symptoms or signs , or if you notice any of the above symptoms after your treatment with ritemvia : tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): bacterial or viral infections ( including bronchitis ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( bronchitis ) allergic reactions ( the signs may include shortness of breath or ankle swelling ) nose bleeds raised blood pressure muscle spasms
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking capecitabine_teva and see a doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious or combination of the following side effects : 4 or blood clots : see section 4 " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking capecitabine_teva and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . in clinical studies in adults , side effects were about the same as with a dummy tablet . however , some may be serious and life - threatening . for 4 to 4 in every 100 patients treated with cancer in the eye : eye pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ( paraesthesia ). if you experience pain localised to the centre of the chest , especially if it occurs during exercise . foot : if you have pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet . if you experience 38 signs of infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other organisms . infection : if you experience infection caused by bacteria or virus , or other signs of infection ( e . g . chest pain or pain , swelling , redness or tingling of hands and / or feet ). a_temperature may reduce the number of white blood cells , so you might get infection more easily . unexpected bleeding or bacteria ( when you have not hurt yourself ). signs of infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). infection : if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). 38 or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ).
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following allergic reactions : swelling of the face or throat , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint , itchy skin or hives . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy or weak , which may be a sign of loss of consciousness . tell your doctor if you notice any of the following serious side effects . you may need urgent medical attention or hospitalisation : if you have fainting , complications if you are not sure , you should seek immediate medical advice . if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling dizzy or weak , especially when standing up very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) the signs may include swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or throat , previously been reported very rarely . if you notice any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects can be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : sepsis * ( often called " blood poisoning ", is a severe infection with whole - body inflammatory response ), rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( urticaria ), these side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these effects are not treated they could be fatal . possible side effects of kinzalmono : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) rejection of transplanted bone marrow ( graft versus host disease ) the event may have happened by chance or could be related to a mechanism currently not known . ** cases of progressive scarring of lung tissue have been reported during intake of telmisartan . however , it is not known whether telmisartan was the cause . telmisartan in patients taking telmisartan alone the following additional side effects have been reported : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 100 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 1 in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) drug reactions ( including severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) signs of which may include eczema ( urticaria ), eczema ( elevated patches of red or pale skin that often
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : allergic reactions allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) symptoms include difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , chills , hives and allergic reactions ( symptoms include low blood pressure , dizziness , tightness of the chest , chills , numbness , tingling or tingling ). symptoms include low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , hives and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ) and allergic reactions ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives and low blood pressure ( hives , allergic reaction ). symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ) such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives and low blood pressure ( hives , allergic reaction ). symptoms include chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction with symptoms such as chills , wheezing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives . allergic reactions ( symptoms may include anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure ( hives ). allergic reaction ( symptoms may include chills , wheezing , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , low blood pressure and hives ) and low blood pressure (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine . in order to improve the traceability of this medicine can cause side effects . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives , wheezing or other breathing difficulties , uncontrolled or uncontrolled seizures , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , chills , severe diarrhoea , confusion , seizures ( convulsions ), fever , high or low blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , feeling dizzy , light - headedness , shaking , fever , fever , or fever . these may be signs of a condition called pneumonia . - hot flushes . if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to keep you under closer observation or change your medicine . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of : - a reduction in the number of clotting cells in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , it may be prolonged and may lead to a very severe form of bleeding known as ' dopamine dysregulation syndrome ' which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : - loss or pain in your hands or soles of your hands or soles of your feet and shaking and shaking . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , feeling unwell , back pain , painful joints , muscle aches , muscle aches or muscle aches and feeling of shaking . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , feeling unwell , back pain , muscle aches , muscle aches , muscle aches and pain , muscle cramps and shaking . these symptoms can be symptoms of a condition called " differentiation syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a combination of any of these symptoms : - if you are being treated for non - hodgkin ' s lymphoma or chronic lymphocytic leukaemia very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , feeling unwell , back pain , painful joints , muscle aches , muscle aches and pain in the hands or soles of your feet and shaking ( shaking ). tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , difficulty in swallowing , tiredness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , pain , feeling unwell , back pain , muscle aches , muscle aches , muscle aches and pain , muscle aches or shaking . these symptoms are usually mild to moderate and generally go away over time . some of these symptoms can be serious and need immediate medical attention . a reduction in the number of white blood cells and platelets in your blood . therefore , your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood cell counts regularly . you may experience a reduction in the number of bleeding in your blood . your doctor will monitor your blood regularly for any changes , and will decide if any specific treatment is needed . in some cases , your doctor will monitor your blood tests more often because you have an increased chance of developing . unusual bleeding , bleeding , pain on palms of your hands or soles of your feet and shaking and shaking . your doctor will tell you how to treat any changes
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions : rashes , hives , swelling of the face , throat or throat . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following : fainting , stroke , heart attack , chest pain , angina ( e . g . when you have had hepatitis b ), fainting , stroke or heart attack , chest pain or angina pectoris ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - feeling sick - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling sick - reflux ( alopecia ) - blurred vision - eye pain - nitrates to light - dizziness - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - back pain - feeling tired - feeling tired - loss of appetite - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - reflux or blurred vision - eye pain - blood clot in urine - high blood pressure - nose bleeds - swollen hands , feet , ankles or feet - feeling tired common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - serious liver problems which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angina ) - dizziness - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - back pain - feeling tired - feeling tired - loss of appetite - diarrhoea - indigestion - feeling sick - being sick ( vomiting ) - reflux or blurred vision - eye pain - blood clot in urine - high or low blood pressure - high blood pressure - stuffy nose - swelling of hands , feet , ankles or feet - feeling tired . rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - fainting - seizures , passing memory loss - swelling of the face and throat - serious liver problems which may cause difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angina ) - sudden cardiac death - heart problems which can cause heart problems ( angina ) - heart problems which can cause back pain , feeling tired , feeling tired , - itchy skin , diarrhoea , indigestion , feeling sick , being sick , vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision - eye pain , - blood in urine , - prolonged or prolonged urination , - high blood pressure , - low blood pressure , - nose bleeds , - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - serious skin reactions including this may include a sore throat or a hoarse voice , angina - coloured urine , angina - coloured urine , angina - coloured urine , angina - sudden loss of consciousness , - diarrhoea , - indigestion , feeling sick , being sick ( vomiting ), vomiting , reflux of reflux , blurred vision , eye pain , - blood in urine , - prolonged or prolonged urination , - general feeling of being unwell , - high blood pressure , - low blood pressure , - nose bleeds , - swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , feeling tired . rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) - fainting , seizures , passing memory loss , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - serious skin reactions including this may include a sore throat or a hoarse voice , angina - coloured urine , angina - coloured urine , angina - coloured urine , or angina - sudden loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a stroke - stroke - stroke - heart attack , chest pain and angina ( heart attack ) - sudden loss of consciousness - feeling tired - feeling tired or weak very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - seizures , passing memory loss or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; - severe skin reactions , which may be life threatening . - problems with your eyesight such as seeing or hearing things that are not there ( angina ) - visual disturbances such as seeing or hearing things that are not there ( angina ) - visual disturbances such as seeing or hearing things that are not there ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - this medicine may cause temporary loss of vision . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - this medicine
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . hypoglycaemia ( too very serious side effect ) hypoglycaemia ( a very serious side effect that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening allergic reaction ) symptoms are : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing , itchy rash ( rash ). other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking enyglid and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . the signs may include : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing , itchy rash ( rash ). other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reactions ( e . g . rash , itchy rash , increased blood levels of liver enzymes ), increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( very rare , may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) with symptoms such as swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , rapid breathing , feeling dizzy or itchy skin rash . other side effects include : increased liver enzymes in your blood ( hypersensitivity ) and severe allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). these are very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ). symptoms of anaphylactic reaction may include feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . hypersensitivity . itchy rash , rash , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of anaphylactic reaction may include feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . hypersensitivity . itchy rash , rash , dry skin , increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . hypersensitivity ( hypersensitivity ) reactions ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). symptoms of anaphylactic reaction may include feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . hypersensitivity . itchy rash . rash . itchy rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylactic shock ). signs of which may include : feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . hypersensitivity . itchy rash ( rash ). itchy rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in the blood . this can lead to symptoms such as a serious liver disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of lactic acidosis include feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . your doctor may find changes in your blood tests . hypersensitivity . itchy rash ( rash ). itchy rash . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in your blood . increased liver enzymes in the blood . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of anaphylactic reaction : feeling dizzy , nausea , feeling sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of lactic acidosis include : feeling dizzy , nausea ( feeling sick ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , increased liver enzymes in your blood . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) hypersensitivity . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): symptoms of lactic acidosis include : feeling dizzy , nausea
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : infections , bacteria , feeling tired , tired , or pale these are signs of infections or pneumonia . these may be signs of a low blood cell count ( thrombocytopenia ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) diarrhoea , weight loss , loss of appetite common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) dehydration , flu ( influenza ), sore throat , sore throat , dry mouth , chest pain , chest pain , swelling of the skin , itching , bruising , red or purple spots on the skin ( haematoma ), runny nose , hair loss ( alopecia ). uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) − chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure on standing which may lead to dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , restlessness , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing and feeling tired . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain and a rapid pulse , dizziness , fainting , restlessness , somnolence , restlessness , fainting , seizures , epistaxis , difficulty breathing , difficulty breathing , feeling unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): chest pain , a fall in blood pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) runny nose ( abdominal pain , diarrhoea , indigestion , constipation , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , itchiness , hives , skin rash , itchiness , hives ), skin rash , joint pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle weakness , inability to obtain or maintain an erection weight loss , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , light sensitivity , changes in taste , loss of taste , abnormal sensation in the eye , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , asthma , nasal congestion , throat irritation , sneezing , cough , light sensitivity , changes in taste , loss of taste , taste disturbance , difficulty in speaking , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , ringing in the ears , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , eye irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , eyelid irritation , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , sensitivity to light , loss of eyelashes , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sweating , night sweats , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased sensitivity to light , increased
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . in general , the observed side effects are mild to moderate and will generally disappear after a few days to a few weeks of nplate . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bleeding - hair loss ( alopecia ) - allergic reaction - rash ( erythema ) - allergic reactions ( rash , thickening of the skin , itchy , itchy areas on the skin , itchy , itchy skin , dermatitis ) - joint pain ( arthralgia ) - muscle pain ( arthralgia ) - increased body temperature . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - weight increase - anorexia ( feeling anorexia ) - weight increase - weight increase - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - increase in liver enzymes - decrease in the number of all blood cells ( gastroenteritis ) - heartburn - anorexia - weight increase - weight increase - increased appetite - increase in liver enzymes seen in blood tests . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : you may need urgent medical treatment : wheezing or shortness of breath ( asthma ). your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the signs above . other possible side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness rapid heart beat if you notice any of the following : changes in your blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ) may be very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ), dizziness , light - headedness or fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , faintness , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , if you notice any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a decrease in your blood pressure when you stand up , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , throat irritation , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , a feeling of bodily discomfort . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a decrease in your blood pressure when you stand up , cough , shortness of breath , asthma , throat irritation , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness . these may be signs of a condition called " sepsis " ( very common , may affect more than 1 in 10 people ). these are signs of a blood clot in your blood vessels ( copd ) which can cause cough , shortness of breath , asthma , throat irritation , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness , if you notice any of these effects , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . cough , shortness of breath ( asthma ), nose bleed , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , a feeling of faintness or " spinning " ( common may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) these are signs of a very serious condition called " copd " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your copd and needs urgent medical attention . cough , shortness of breath ( asthma ), throat irritation , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , a feeling of bodily discomfort . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) fainting blurred vision , increased tearing , eye redness , faintness , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , if you notice any of these effects , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure ( hypertension ) your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . cough , shortness of breath ( asthma ), nose bleed , confusion , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , a feeling of bodily discomfort . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the signs above . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dizziness trouble sleeping ( insomnia ) fainting blurred vision , increased tearing , eye redness , faintness , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , tiredness , faintness , dizziness , light - headedness , if you notice any of these effects , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) a low blood pressure which may make you feel fainting or light - headedness or fainting , blurred vision , increased eye pressure , faintness , cough , wheezing , shortness of breath , asthma , tiredness , dry mouth and tiredness . your doctor may tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) are : infections , bacteria , feeling tired , tired , or pale these are signs of infections . if you are being treated for infections , you may be more likely to develop infections . these are caused by a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and blood platelets . this is more likely to occur if you are also taking other medicines for the treatment of infections ( see section " warnings and precautions "). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these symptoms . these may be signs of infection or sepsis . these are caused by a decrease in the number of red and white blood cells and platelets ( sepsis ) which are important for fighting infections ( see section 2 ). signs and symptoms of low blood sugar may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low level of white blood cells ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , somnolence , sleepiness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site swelling , injection site pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump at the infusion site ( tissue , bruising , haematoma ) or a decrease in blood pressure ( sepsis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , sleepiness , sleepiness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump . in a small number of people , a type of white blood cell which can make you more prone to infections or infections . signs of low levels of white blood cells may make you more prone to platelets or infections . signs of low blood sugar may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , somnolence , sleepiness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , back pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump where the injection is given , bruising ( haematoma ), low number of white cells in the blood ( sepsis ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , somnolence , sleepiness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , joint pain , back pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling or a hard lump . in a small number of people , a type of white blood cell which can make you more prone to infections or infections . signs of low levels of white blood cells may make you more prone to platelets or infections . signs of low blood sugar may include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of white blood cells ( anaemia ) feeling tired , headache , dizziness , drowsiness , somnolence , sleepiness , diarrhoea , constipation , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , abdominal pain , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , back pain , joint pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site reactions , such as redness , swelling , a hard lump or tissue ( e . g . chest pain , back pain , back pain , back pain , joint pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , injection site pain , redness , swelling or a hard lump ) at the infusion site ( tissue , bruising , haematoma ) or a decrease in the number of platelets ( a type of white blood cells ) in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) headache joint pain dizziness . common ( may affect up to 1 in in_10 people ) inflammation of the stomach or mouth being sick ( vomiting ) abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting pain in the stomach or abdominal abdominal pain feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting pain in the stomach or abdominal abdominal pain sexual dysfunction ( problems with sexual performance ) joint pain 34 dizziness 34 palpitations ( palpitations ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , - chills , - weakness , shortness of breath , confusion or collapse , - seizures , limpness or collapse . these may be signs of a condition called " serotonin syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your lungs and needs urgent medical attention . - if you experience pain , weakness or discomfort in your thigh , hip or groin as this may be an early indication of a possible fracture of the thigh bone . - interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the blood vessels in the skin ) - flu - like symptoms such as arthritis and joint swelling . - painful redness and / or swelling_of_the_eye . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) - fainting ; - fever ; - chills ; - fever ; - if you have a temperature of 38ºc or greater , fever or other signs of infection ( since you might have less white blood cells than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is very common ). - if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : - if you feel unwell or an allergic reaction to varuby , you may also develop an allergic reaction to varuby . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of an allergic reaction : - sudden shortness of breath or feeling tired or have short of breath - if you experience an allergic reaction . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of an allergic reaction : - sudden shortness of breath or feeling tired or have short of breath - if you experience an allergic reaction . these may be signs of an allergic reaction . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - symptoms of an allergic reaction may include : - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in swallowing or breathing contact your doctor immediately . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - abnormal levels of some liver enzymes - diarrhoea - nausea - 29 - headache - stomach pain - stomach pain - nausea , constipation - diarrhoea - indigestion - heartburn - skin rash - dry skin - acne - back pain - muscle pain - pain - back pain - weakness , feeling tired , lack of energy , decreased appetite - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - difficulty sleeping ( insomnia ) - sensation of spinning ( vertigo ) - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - abnormal vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - high blood pressure - irregular or rapid heartbeat - blood in your stools - pain or discomfort in your stomach , arms or legs - blood in your stools or blood in your stools - blood in your stools or blood in your stools - blood in your stools or urine - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools or blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools or blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - pain in your stomach or abdomen - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in your stools - blood in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - difficulty breathing or swallowing - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat - skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of allergic reaction ). other side effects other side effects include the following listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - passing little or no urine - difficulty breathing - shortness of breath - difficulty breathing - coughing - wheezing - coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - mouth or throat ( nasopharyngitis ) - pain in your back ( urinary tract ) - pain in your back ( abdomen ) - urinary tract infection ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - mouth and throat ( hoarseness ) - abdominal pain - pain or difficulty in passing urine ( dysuria ) - inflammation of the large bowel ( cataract ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes , rashes or itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel_acino_pharma . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' take special care with clopidogrel_acino_pharma "). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . - uncommon side effects : headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect : vertigo . - very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare ( may affect up to rare_side_effect in 1 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; fever ; breathing difficulties sometimes associated with cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; breathing difficulties ; cough ; generalised allergic reactions ; swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; blisters_of_the_skin ; allergic reactions ( for example , overall sensation of heat with sudden general discomfort until clopidogrel_acino_pharma ); swelling in the mouth ; blisters of the skin ; clopidogrel_acino_pharma ; bleeding in the joints ; bruising ; haematoma ( a build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) pain or redness in the area of the skin ( bumps , bumps on the skin , inflammation or inflammation of the gullet , diarrhoea , stomach pain , feeling tired , headache , bone pain and feeling tired , headache , bone pain and fractures ) kidney problems including kidney problems which may include pain or fractures in the arms and legs . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): allergy ( inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ). the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , cough feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , feeling weak , feeling weak , depression , anxiety , irritability , dizziness , suicidal thoughts , abnormal dreams , high or low blood pressure , difficulty in getting or maintaining an erection ( e . g . chest pain or pain ), fractures , inability to sleep , memory impairment , difficulty speaking or understanding others , blurred vision , problems with your balance such as blurred or double vision , blurred vision , problems with your balance such as blurred or double vision , blurred vision , problems with your eyes , blurred vision , problems with your balance such as blurred or double vision , increased sensitivity to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , blurred vision , increased saliva production , problems with your balance such as blurred or double vision , increased sensitivity to light , blurred vision , increased sensitivity to light , increased saliva production , difficulty in controlling your urine , increased need to pass water , needing to pass urine , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass more urine than normal , needing to pass more urine than normal , having a decreased urine flow abnormal blood levels of creatine phosphokinase , increased blood levels of creatine phosphokinase in your blood , kidney function test increased levels of creatine phosphokinase in blood blood tests showing increased levels of liver enzymes in blood tests , increased blood levels of liver enzymes in blood tests , increased blood levels of liver enzymes in blood tests , increased blood levels of liver enzymes in blood tests , increased blood levels of liver enzymes in blood tests increase in liver enzymes in blood tests swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( pancreatitis ) other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , cough feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , wind ( flatulence ) diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), heartburn ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), diarrhoea . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): vomiting , stomach pain , indigestion ( dyspepsia ), wind ( flatulence ), feeling tired , feeling weak , feeling weak , depression , anxiety , irritability ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , tingling or muscle muscle pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) feeling anxious or sleepy , feeling sleepy , very tired , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 abnormal sense of touch or sensation ( such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ) 37 spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling sick ( nausea ) dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 vertigo , feeling very tired , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 vertigo , feeling very tired , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 vertigo , feeling very tired , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet 37 feeling very tired , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet ( vertigo ), feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , dry mouth , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling nervous , feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , dry mouth , dry mouth , increased muscle tension , abnormal muscle movements , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , difficulty sleeping , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , spinning sensation ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , ear pain , vertigo , feeling cold , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , ear pain , vertigo , feeling cold , ringing in the ears , tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling of spinning ( vertigo ), feeling anxious , problems with your balance such as tingling or numbness of the hands or feet , feeling disorientated , feeling anxious , ringing in your ears , ear pain , vertigo , feeling cold ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : - fever , chills , feeling tired , - swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( with or without difficulty in swallowing or frequency not known ) ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , which may include swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - severe allergic reactions , - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known the frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known frequency cannot be estimated from the available data - severe allergic reactions , including swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) - severe allergic reactions , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( frequency not known ) - itching - peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal liver function tests ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin - fever - muscle weakness - feeling tired - abnormal heart rhythm ( frequency not known ) - frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) - allergic reactions : swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( itching ) - peeling and peeling of the skin -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes , rashes or itching , blisters of the skin . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with duoplavin is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor bleeding or pulmonary complications ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . your doctor will discuss these with you and will explain the risks and benefits of your treatment . if you experience any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; rash ; itching ; changes in colour of your skin ; sensitivity to light ; itchy skin ; dry skin ; sensitivity to light ; changes in blood pressure ; general feeling of being unwell ; irritability ; cough ; shortness of breath ; irregular pain ; fainting ; palpitations ; fast heart rate ; high or low blood pressure ; shortness of breath with cough ; low blood pressure ; cough ; high blood pressure ; shortness of breath or cough ; high blood pressure . your doctor will tell you what you can take to treat these side effects . other side effects tell your doctor if you notice any of the following side effects : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , diarrhoea , passing gas , loss of appetite , pain , vomiting , nausea , loss of appetite , increased sweating , irritability , extreme tiredness , sore throat , sinus infection , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation , sore throat , sinus infection , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation and pain , itching and generalised rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting , tremor , loss of memory , double vision , eye pain , eye pain , sneezing / runny nose , sore throat , respiratory tract infection , sneezing , asthma , throat irritation and pain , itching and generalised rash . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting , tremor , loss of taste , double vision , eye pain , eye pain , eye irritation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , tremor , loss of taste , double vision , eye pain , eye irritation . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting , tremor , loss of taste , double vision . eye pain , eye irritation . eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual disturbances . general side effects : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting , tremor , loss of taste , double vision . eye pain , eye irritation . eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual impairment , irritability , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , fainting , palpitations , fast heart rate , high blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , irregular heart beat , blood clots , shortness of breath , cough , irregular heart beat or a rapid heart rate , high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , low blood pressure when standing up ( hypotension ), palpitations , irregular heart beat , high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , irregular heart beat , or a rapid pulse . your doctor may decide to stop your treatment if you experience any of the side effects above . other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - dizziness - diarrhoea - stomach pain - indigestion - diarrhoea - passing gas ( stomach pain - indigestion - diarrhoea - passing gas ( flatulence ) - loss of appetite - irritability - extreme tiredness ( fatigue ) - common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting , tremor , - loss of taste , double vision , eye pain , - eye pain , - general feeling of being unwell , irritability , cough , shortness of breath , irregular heartbeat , fainting , palpitations , fast heart rate , high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , irregular heart beat , blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , high or low blood pressure , fainting - palpitations , fast heart rate , high or low blood pressure , shortness of breath , cough , irregular heart rate - pain , itching , generalised swelling . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - nightmares , depression , nervousness , irritability , nightmares , fainting , fainting ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . when treating hiv infection ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : fever or increase in the number of white blood cells , which are important in fighting infections . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following symptoms : - fever - any of the following symptoms : - yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching - feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice : yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching , feeling sick or being sick ( vomiting ) - jaundice ( yellowing of your skin or the whites of your eyes ( jaundice ) - itching ( pruritus ) - feeling sick ( sick ) - liver does not work as well as it should ( changes in liver enzymes ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( transaminases ) - a reduction in the number of white blood cells ( infections ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a rash , swelling of your face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , with difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness or light - headedness , which may be signs of low blood pressure . other side effects tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you notice any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): injection site reactions . injection site reactions ( injection site reaction , injection site pain , swelling , itching , bruising , swelling and vertigo ) vertigo ( low blood pressure ) dizziness , light - headedness , constipation , rash , red skin , bruising , high blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , injection site bruising , bruising , swelling , itching , injection site injection site reactions uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vertigo , dizziness , light - headedness , low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . if you experience any of the following side effects you should contact your doctor immediately : fever , difficulty in breathing , low blood pressure and low blood pressure . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) nausea ( feeling sick ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) vomiting fever if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) nausea vomiting 18 treatment with 18 years of age or less than 18 days . the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) vomiting fever if you experience any of these side effects , contact your doctor immediately . other side effects other side effects include those listed below . if these side effects become severe , please tell your doctor or pharmacist . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) nausea fever ( feeling sick ) 18 or more than 39 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) nausea vomiting 18 years of age with 18 years of age or less than in adults . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever fever ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ) nausea fever ( feeling sick ) 18 or more than 39 the following side effects have also been reported : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever fever common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) fever
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been reported with daklinza : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache joint pain 50 common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) decrease in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) decrease in red blood cells ( anaemia ) increased appetite hair loss , thinning , itching increased appetite , decreased appetite difficulty sleeping , headache , cough , feeling sick ( nausea ), diarrhoea , constipation , heartburn , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , joint pain , 50 50 flu flu - like illness , joint pain , aching muscles , flu - like symptoms , difficulty sleeping , common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): flu - like symptoms , dry skin , itching , dry skin , rash , itching reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this vaccine : allergic reactions if you experience an allergic reaction you might have one or more of the following allergic reactions : difficulty breathing , which may be a sign of an allergic reaction ( hives , rash , swelling , redness , swelling , redness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , swelling , soreness , bruising , skin disorders , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever ) and cough . these reactions can sometimes be severe and could lead to a serious allergic reaction . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): rash , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling , and tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . other side effects very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling or tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( possible signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling or tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( possible signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and generally go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling or tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( possible signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away within a few days to a few weeks . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): redness , redness , soreness , bruising , swelling or tenderness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , vomiting , fever , flu - like symptoms , fever , cough , difficulty breathing , cough ( possible signs of allergic reactions , rash , hives , difficulty breathing or anaphylactic reactions ). these reactions are usually mild to moderate and go away
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . please tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling , tingling , numbness or groin on one side of your groin ( damage to damage in the retina of the eye which may blurred vision ), blurred vision ( see section blurred , " warnings and precautions ") flu - like symptoms , fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , rash , itching or other parts of your body . these symptoms may be signs of a condition called damage to the tiny filters inside your muscles , groin , groin , or your armpits . signs and symptoms of infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty breathing . severe skin reactions ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , fever , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , rash , itching or other parts of your body , see section 2 ). tell your doctor if you develop any symptoms of an infection such as fever , sore throat or difficulty in breathing . severe skin reactions ( e . g . flu - like symptoms , fever , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain or fever ). these may be signs of a condition called damage ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) high level of " lactic bodies " in your blood ( hyperglycaemia ) symptoms may include excessive thirst , hunger , or other signs of infection ( herpes zoster ) rash , itching , hives , difficulty breathing or swallowing , dizziness ( not known ) frequency cannot be estimated from the available data allergic reaction . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience difficulty in breathing or swallowing , dizziness or a sudden drop in blood pressure . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) dry mouth sneezing sore throat or sneezing stomach ache or diarrhoea stomach pain 36 uncommon : may affect up to 1 in 100 people difficulty breathing or sneezing swelling of the arms or legs chest pain feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration 75 ( flatulence ) 75 frequency uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) difficulty breathing or sneezing swelling of arms or legs high blood pressure ( hypertension ) cough coughing up blood ( haemoptysis ) feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) feeling of pressure or pain in the cheeks and forehead ( may be signs of a urinary tract infection ) flu - like symptoms ( e . g . mouth sores ) feeling sick ( nausea ) itching_voice_alteration 75 ( flatulence ) flu - like frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) urinary tract infection ( frequency common ). reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of your infusion . the infusion may be continued after the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose or stop your treatment . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of your infusion or later hours after the infusion you may develop hives , skin reactions , itching , feeling weak , tired , dental problems , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects : angioedema ( difficulty in breathing , dizziness , breathing difficulties or cough ) breathing difficulties signs of very high blood pressure cold , sore throat , or low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . the signs may include severe tiredness , sore throat or low blood pressure , which may make you feel faint or have a quickened heartbeat . these may be signs of a serious allergic reaction . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired ( tired ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation , pain in the muscles , fever , sore throat , sinus infection , sore throat and cough . infections : reduction in red blood cells ( anaemia ), tiredness , weakness , feeling sick , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , constipation , swollen abdomen . fever , sore throat or throat irritation . sore throat . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . constipation . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . constipation . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . constipation . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . constipation . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . sore throat . nasal congestion . cough . severe stomach ( abdominal ) pain . fever . flu - like symptoms , such as sore throat or cough . you may also have flu - like symptoms . sore throat or cough . you might have sore throat and cough . you may experience the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling tired feeling tired ( fatigue ) tired . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness feeling sick ( nausea ) vomiting , diarrhoea , constipation swollen glands in the neck , fever , sore throat , sinus infection , sore throat and cough . infections
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) feeling dizzy loss of appetite stomach problems such as feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , tiredness , feeling tired or tired feeling tired or tired feeling confused loss of appetite uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) depression difficulty in sleeping fainting or accidentally falling changes in how well your liver is working rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) chest pain rash , itching fits ( seizures ) ulcers in your stomach or intestine very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) high or low blood pressure urinary tract infection seeing things that are not there ( hallucinations ) problems with your heartbeat such as fast or slow heartbeat bleeding in the gut shows as blood in stools or when being sick inflammation of the pancreas the signs include serious upper stomach pain , often with feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients with dementia . additional side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) trembling fainting accidentally falling common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) anxiety feeling restless slow and fast heartbeat difficulty in sleeping too much saliva and dehydration unusually slow movements or movements you cannot control the signs of parkinson ' s disease get worse or getting similar signs such as stiff muscles , difficulty in carrying out movements and urinary retention - difficulty in sleeping ( insomnia ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause tearing of the tube that connects your mouth with your stomach ( oesophagus ) dehydration ( losing too much fluid ) frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , unusually dark urine . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) being violently sick ( vomiting ) that can cause yellowing of the skin or whites of the eyes , abnormal darkening of the urine or unexplained nausea , vomiting , tiredness and loss of appetite . these can be seen in patients taking dementia . if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) dizziness feeling of drowsy or confused ( signs of hypertension ) feeling sick ( nausea ) constipation , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting , nausea , constipation , diarrhoea , pain in the abdomen , vomiting blood tests may show an increase in liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) rash , hair loss uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): tiredness , weight loss , weight gain , swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , weight gain , hair loss . liver problems which may show changes in blood tests : magnesium , potassium , calcium , phosphate , weight gain , confusion . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): loss of consciousness , which may be a sign of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : swelling or sores_in_your_mouth of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat that may cause skin rash , burning or prickling sensation or fever ( signs of skin disorders ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience tiredness , feeling faint , becoming easily breathless or if you look pale ( since you might have less haemoglobin than normal which is very common ). if you experience bleeding from the gums , nose or mouth or any bleeding that would not stop , reddish or pinkish urine , unexpected bruising ( since you might have less platelets than normal which is
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , difficulty sleeping , nightmare , difficulty sleeping , rapid breathing , severe allergic reactions ( e . g . asthma , swelling of the surface of the eye ), cornea ( a type of skin blister ) some patients have had a small reduction in the type of a type of white blood cell which can make you more prone to inflammation or swelling at the start of treatment . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure , dizziness , light - headedness , temporary swelling of the eyelid , asthma , swelling of the inside of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), changes in the colour of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), changes in the colour of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), swelling , redness or itching , high blood pressure , tiredness , diarrhoea , stomach pain , indigestion , feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling or being sick , diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , feeling or being sick ( diarrhoea ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , tiredness , chest pain , low blood levels of some liver enzymes ( shown in blood tests ) allergic reaction with symptoms such as itching or swelling of the surface of the eye ( cornea ), which may be associated with the formation of a tooth . most of these side effects are mild to moderate in nature . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects , you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you notice any of the following side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) ulcers or bruising at the site of the body ( a very common side effect which may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ( potential symptoms of gastrointestinal disorders ) loss of appetite feeling sick ( nausea ) or vomiting , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ) o if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing please tell your doctor or nurse straight away . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to died . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): bleeding or bruising with symptoms such as stomach ache , loss of appetite , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes . these may be signs of an inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes . these may be signs of a liver problem . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and eyes ). these may be the signs of an inflamed liver ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes . the most common side effect of died is uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ). bleeding or bruising with symptoms such as stomach ache , loss of appetite , feeling sick , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ), yellowing of the skin and eyes . these may be signs of yellowing of the skin and eyes . these may be signs of yellowing of the skin and eyes . these may be the signs of an allergic reaction . jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . as for any combination of two active substances , side effects associated with each individual component cannot be excluded . the most common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 100 people ): bleeding or bruising more easily than normal ; gastrointestinal disorders ; loss of appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; diarrhoea ; inflammation of the pancreas ( jaundice ); yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ( jaundice ); yellowing of the skin and the whites of the body ; serious allergic reactions ( jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ); serious allergic reactions ( jaundice , yellowing of the skin or the whites of the eyes ); sudden fall in blood pressure ; rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); localised yellowing of the skin and eyes ( light - johnson syndrome ); a more severe form of rash causing fever ; difficulty breathing ; new onset or worsening of psoriasis ; jaundice ; yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes . the most common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding or bruising ; symptoms of gastrointestinal infection ; loss of appetite ; loss of appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; diarrhoea ; inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ); yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes ( yellowing of the skin ); yellowing of the skin and eyes ; yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ; serious allergic reactions which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; fever ; difficulty breathing ; new onset of breathing difficulties ; jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the eyes ) have also been reported . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) bleeding or bruising ; symptoms of gastrointestinal infection ; loss of appetite ; loss of appetite ; feeling sick ( nausea ); vomiting ; diarrhoea ; inflammation of the liver ( jaundice ); yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) ∑ yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ; serious allergic reactions ( jaundice , yellowing of the skin and eyes ); light - headedness ; rapid swelling of the skin and mucosa ( angioedema ); yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes ; serious allergic reactions which may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing ; fever ; difficulty breathing ;
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : rashes , shortness of breath , blurred or loss of vision , fainting , pain on the right side of the mouth ( lips ), lips and around the body ( symptoms of symptoms include pain , burning , pain , burning , burning and / or burning sensation ) in the tongue or lips . symptoms include : pain , burning , burning , burning and / or pain at the infusion site , lips , face or lips . symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the infusion site , lips , face and face . symptoms of symptoms include : pain , burning , burning or burning sensation , burning , burning , burning and / or burning sensation ( especially in the tongue , lips , face or lips ). symptoms may include : pain in the hands and lips , lips , face and face . symptoms of symptoms include : pain , burning , burning or burning sensation , burning , burning , burning and / or burning sensation ( especially in the tongue , lips , face or lips ). symptoms may include : pain in the hands and lips , lips , face and face . symptoms of symptoms include : burning , numbness , burning , burning , and / or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the infusion site , lips , face and face . symptoms of symptoms include : burning , numbness , burning , burning , and / or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips . body : symptoms of pain ( burning , burning , burning ) or pain at the site of injection . tongue or lips
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : heart problems : common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) disorientated may cause symptoms such as heart attack , shortness of breath , difficulty in breathing and / or chest pain which could be a sign of heart attack , which could be a sign of a blood clot in the blood vessels of the mouth or the anus , which may make you feel coughing or have a high temperature of symptoms . these may be signs of a blood clot in a blood vessel wall or a tear in a blood vessel wall ( aneurysms and artery dissections ). the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) disorientated ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) feeling sick feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), weight loss , headache , dizziness , seizure , numbness or tingling feeling in your hands or feet ( paraesthesia ) abnormal vision ( vertigo ), ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ), irregular heart rhythm ( ecg ) blood clot in a deep vein ( deep vein thrombosis ) high blood pressure , heart rhythm disturbances , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , inflammation of the mouth , heartburn , feeling sick , sick , heartburn , dry mouth , constipation , dry mouth , skin reddening , dry skin , excessive sweating , night sweats , skin reddening , back pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle pain , muscle
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you have : unusual movement ( a common side effect that may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) mainly of the face or tongue ; blood clots in the veins ( an uncommon side effect that may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) especially in the legs ( symptoms include swelling , pain , and redness in the leg ), which may travel through blood vessels to the lungs causing chest pain and difficulty in breathing . if you notice any of these symptoms seek medical advice immediately ; a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heart rate ), especially when getting up from a lying or sitting position . this will usually pass on its own but if it does not , tell your doctor . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in the early stages of treatment , some people may feel dizzy or faint ( with a slow heartbeat ). common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) include : changes in the levels of some blood cells , circulating fats and early in treatment , temporary increases in liver enzymes ; increases in the level of sugars in the blood and urine ; increases in levels of uric acid and creatine phosphokinase in the blood ; feeling more hungry ; dizziness ; restlessness ; tremor ; unusual movements ( dyskinesias ); constipation ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of strength ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma ; dry mouth ; rash ; loss of consciousness ; extreme tiredness ; water retention leading to swelling of the hands , ankles or feet ; fever ; joint pain ; and sexual dysfunctions such as decreased libido in males and females or erectile dysfunction in males . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) include hypersensitivity ( e . g . swelling in the mouth and throat , itching , rash ); diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , usually associated with rash ; diabetes or the worsening of diabetes , occasionally associated with ketoacidosis ( ketones in the blood and urine ) or coma ; coma , breathing difficulties , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness ( the frequency of this side effect cannot be estimated from the available data ). very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) include weight gain ; sleepiness ; and increases in levels of prolactin in the blood . in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions may occur following symptoms are : itching , rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( which may lead to loss of consciousness ). tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) bone pain ( arthralgia ) muscle pain or discomfort , vomiting , abdominal pain , constipation , discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or legs ( symptoms may be a sign of inflammation of the lungs , which may be a symptom of a condition called cytokine release syndrome ). if you experience loss of consciousness , if you get any of these symptoms or get short of breath , tell your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - constipation - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or legs ( sinusitis ) - constipation - itching - rash - fever - increase in blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in uncommon_side_effects people ) - allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) which may cause itching , rash , difficulty breathing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life - threatening . - loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - constipation - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and / or legs ( sinusitis ) - constipation - itching - fever - increased level of triglycerides in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions with symptoms such as itching , rash , difficulty breathing or wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome , which may be life - threatening . - if you experience loss of consciousness and could be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you develop any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain ( arthralgia ) - abdominal pain or discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - constipation - discomfort or discomfort in the cheeks and forehead ( symptoms may include constipation , itching , rash or fever ) - low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in uncommon_side_effects people ) - allergic reactions - allergic reactions ( symptoms may include itching , rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing ) tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you have any of these symptoms . - severe rash , fever or fever . - general feeling of being unwell . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in 10 people ) - allergic reactions . - allergic reactions with symptoms such as itching , rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing , - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat . - constipation . - itching . - fever . - low level of calcium in your blood . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions . - symptoms of allergic reactions ( symptoms include itching , rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty in breathing and difficulty breathing . tell your doctor as soon as possible if you notice any of these symptoms . - very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone or bone pain - urinary tract infection - abdominal pain - discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - constipation - discomfort or discomfort in your stomach or intestine - constipation - itching - fever - low blood pressure . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to uncommon_side_effects in 1 , 000 people ) - allergic reactions - allergic reactions ( symptoms may include itching , rash , difficulty breathing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or wheezing ) tell your doctor or nurse if you notice any of these symptoms . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - bone pain - urinary tract infection - abdominal pain - discomfort - vomiting - abdominal pain - constipation
like all medicines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction such as a fever , fever , chills or other breathing problems , memory problems , loss of consciousness , feeling dizzy or loss of consciousness , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , feeling tired or tired , which may be signs of a sudden drop in blood pressure , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe tiredness , dental problems , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , flu - like symptoms , night sweats , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore throat or cough , severe breathing difficulties , fever , chills , sore
like all vaccines , this vaccine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the symptoms of allergic reactions may include difficulty in breathing , wheezing , coughing or difficulty breathing or swelling_of_the_skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and / or throat , which may cause difficulties in breathing or wheezing , blisters of the skin . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( such as hardness or hardness ) may occur . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) injection site reactions ( including hardness , hardness or hardness ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - loss of appetite - crying - loss of appetite - pain in limbs and bones - pain at the injection site - symptoms include headache , rash , fever , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea - crying - loss of appetite - musculoskeletal and joint pain - pain at the injection site - skin rash - peeling and increased sweating at the injection site - allergic reactions such as rash , dry skin , itchy skin - fever - allergic reactions at the injection site - allergic reactions such as rash , dry skin , itchy skin - fever - allergic reactions at the site of injection - allergic reactions like rash , dry skin , itchy skin - fever - allergic reactions at the site of vaccination - reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the most common ones are usually mild and will probably disappear after a short time . tell your doctor about any of the following serious side effects straight away : if you notice any of the following signs or signs of low blood sugar : severe allergic reactions ( e . g . severe pain in the abdomen , coughing , difficulty breathing or inflammation_of_the_lungs ), severe dizziness ( insomnia ), numbness or tingling in the hands or feet , due to nerve damage in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . these could be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience such symptoms after being treated with docetaxel_accord . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the pancreas , coughing , difficulty breathing or inflammation_of_the_lungs , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . you may be having a serious , potentially life threatening allergic reaction . the most common side effect of docetaxel_accord is a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) and platelets ( a very common side effect that may affect more than 1 in blood_sugar_levels ), scarring of the lung , frequency unknown ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of certain white blood cells ( leukocytosis ) or in the number of all kinds of blood cells ( pancytopenia ) rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction . non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a type of scarring ) may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the colon , small intestine , which could be fatal ( frequency not known ); intestinal perforation . not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): interstitial lung disease ( inflammation of the lungs causing coughing and difficulty breathing . inflammation of the lungs can also develop when radiotherapy is used with radiotherapy ) pneumonia ( infection of the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs ) pulmonary fibrosis ( scarring and thickening in the lungs with shortness of breath ) blurred vision due to swelling of the retina within the eye ( cystoid macular oedema ) decrease of the sodium in your blood ( electrolyte balance disorders ). ventricular arrhythmia or ventricular tachycardia ( manifested as irregular and / or rapid heartbeat , severe shortness of breath , dizziness , and / or fainting ). some of these symptoms can be serious . if this happens , you must tell your doctor immediately injection site reactions at the site of a previous reaction . non - hodgkin lymphoma ( a cancer affecting the immune system ) and other cancers may occur in patients who are treated with docetaxel together with certain other anticancer treatments . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the lung to the body ), see section 2 . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - rash , chest pain or discomfort at the start of treatment . other side effects include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - abdominal pain - nausea , being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - constipation - abdominal pain - rash - headache - nausea common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): low blood pressure ( hypotension ) - high blood pressure ( hypotension ) - headache - feeling tired - feeling sleepy - fast heart beat ( tachycardia ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - hypotension ( low blood pressure ) - diarrhoea ( constipation ) - nausea ( being sick ) - being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal ( stomach ) pain - abdominal pain - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - constipation ( dyspepsia ) - abdominal pain - rash ( pruritus ) - hives ( pruritus ) - feeling tired ( malaise ) - chest pain - feeling unwell ( malaise ) rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - rash - feeling unwell ( malaise ) - abdominal pain reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : - low blood pressure , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , stomach pain , - increase in liver enzymes - rash , itching , pruritis - rash , headache , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - diarrhoea - nausea , vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - hives ( pruritis ) - rash - headache - low blood pressure - high blood pressure - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - pruritis - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - pruritis - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - pruritis - rash - headache - low blood pressure ( high blood pressure ) - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - nausea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): - rash - itching ( including pruritis ) - headache - wheezing - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing - pruritis - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - diarrhoea - stomach pain - rash - itching - pruritis
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) have been reported . if you experience any of these symptoms , please seek medical advice from your doctor as soon as possible . if you experience any of the following symptoms : - rash , wheals , generalised itching , hives , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , - general feeling of being unwell , - dizziness , loss of consciousness , or fainting , contact your doctor immediately . - severe allergic reactions . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens your medicine may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( rare ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) which may be severe and could be life - threatening . difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , severe allergic reactions , which may include wheezing , wheals , generalised itching , hives , swelling of the face , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction , such as hives , rash , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face or lips , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction , such as hives , rash , generalised itching , hives , swelling of the face and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction ( e . g . hives , rash , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands , feet , ankles or feet , trouble breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest ), general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction ( hives , rash , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands , feet , ankles or feet , trouble breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands , feet , ankles or feet , trouble breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , hands , feet , ankles , or feet , trouble breathing , wheezing or tightness of the chest , loss of consciousness , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , severe swelling of the face and / or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the face , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , severe swelling of the face and throat . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii inhibitors ( for patients who have received previous treatment with factor viii ( more than 150 days of treatment ) the risk is uncommon ( less than 1 in 100 patients ). if this happens you or your child ´ s medicines may stop working properly and you or your child may experience persistent bleeding . if this happens , you should contact your doctor immediately . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) factor viii allergic reactions ( hypersensitivity ) uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ) symptoms of which may include difficulty in breathing , dizziness or fainting , loss of consciousness , fainting , severe swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , which may cause difficulty in breathing or wheezing , swelling of the throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting . severe symptoms of severe allergic reaction ( e . g . wheezing , rash , generalised itching , hives , swelling of face and throat , difficulty in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following side effects : symptoms of drowsiness , drowsiness , difficulty breathing and difficulty breathing . these symptoms can be signs of an allergic reaction . the most common side effect ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - dizziness , headache ( fatigue ), - drowsiness , diarrhoea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , discomfort , or swelling of the abdomen , - pain or discomfort in your stomach or discomfort , vomiting , nausea , diarrhoea , dizziness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - headache , - general feeling of being unwell , - general feeling of being unwell . - weight gain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - general feeling of being unwell . - drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , pain , discomfort or swelling of your legs , - weight gain , - weight gain . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): - chest pain , - ringing in the ears , drowsiness ( fits ), - swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat , nausea , diarrhoea , vomiting , drowsiness , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness ( fatigue ), - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness , drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , - drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , - drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness , drowsiness , drowsiness , nausea , vomiting , vomiting , dizziness - drowsiness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions tell your doctor immediately if you have : - fever , signs of a high temperature , coughing , difficulty in breathing , feeling faint or light - headed , which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness , which may be life threatening . - if you suddenly feel unwell or if you feel light - headed or have a fast heartbeat , which may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia . this is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in in_10 people - sore or swollen mouth - difficulties in your mouth - difficulties in breathing - angioedema - a fast heartbeat - wheezing or coughing - a swollen face - pneumonia - fever - feeling weak or light - headed ( pneumonia ) this may be a sign of a very serious condition called pneumonia . this may occur the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or runny nose - raised and itchy patches on the skin ( signs of a high level of ammonia in the blood , which may make you feel coughing or light - headedness ) - feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - wheezing , coughing or light - headedness or pneumonia , which may be signs of pneumonia such as fever , feeling weak , light - headed or pneumonia , which may be signs of a very serious condition called pneumonia . this may occur the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or runny nose - raised and itchy patches on the skin ( angioedema ) - difficulties in getting or keeping an erection - coughing - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - wheezing , coughing or light - headedness or pneumonia , which may be signs of a serious condition called pneumonia which may be life - threatening . other side effects include : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or runny nose - raised and itchy patches on the skin ( angioedema ) - difficulties in getting or keeping an erection - coughing - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - wheezing , coughing or light - headed or pneumonia , which may be signs of pneumonia ( urinary tract infection ) - pneumonia ( very common side effect , may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or raised , raised areas in your mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - becoming very wheezy , coughing or having difficulty in breathing suddenly feeling weak or light headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) tell your doctor if you notice any of the following : - wheezing or coughing - a high temperature ( pneumonia ) this may be a sign of pneumonia . this may occur the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in in_10 people ) - sore or runny nose - raised and itchy patches on the skin ( angioedema ) - a fast heartbeat - coughing - difficulty in breathing - feeling weak or light - headed ( which may lead to collapse or loss of consciousness ) - if you suddenly feel unwell or if you feel light - headed , your doctor may tell you to stop using revinty_ellipta . - if you feel light - headed , your doctor may tell you to stop using revinty_ellipta . - if you feel light - headed , your doctor may tell you to stop using revinty_ellipta . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - sore , creamy - yellow , raised patches on the skin ( a burning sensation ) in your mouth or throat ( angioedema ) - a fast heartbeat - coughing and difficulty breathing - feeling weak or light - headed - light - headed , which may cause collapse or loss of consciousness , which may make you feel faint or light - headed , which may make you feel light - headed or light - headed , which may make you feel light - headed or light - headed , which may make you feel light - headed or light - headed , which may make you feel light - headed or have a
during hiv therapy there may be an increase in weight and in levels of blood lipids and glucose . this is partly linked to restored health and life style , and in the case of blood lipids sometimes to the hiv medicines themselves . your doctor will test for these changes . like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening side effect . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical conditions . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor immediately . - chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual stomach or discomfort , or discomfort - bone pain or fractures . - bone pain . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the signs above . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you experience any of these , tell your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a rare but potentially life - threatening medical conditions . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you get any of the following symptoms : chills , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual abdominal pain or discomfort , bone pain or fractures , bone pain or fractures , which may be signs of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience bone pain or fractures , as these may be signs of a possible liver problem . the following side effects are rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 60 in patients who have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ). if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these reactions may be serious and need immediate medical attention . you should see your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , feeling weak , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea , stomach pain , unusual abdominal pain or discomfort , bone pain or fractures , bone pain or fractures , which may be a sign of bone damage in the jaw ( osteonecrosis ). tell your doctor if you experience bone pain , or if you notice any of the following side effects : rare : may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people 60 60 not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) serious allergic reactions ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ). see section 2 " warnings and precautions ", potentially life - threatening skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme , drug reaction with death and systemic symptoms [ dress ]), see section 2 . tell your doctor immediately if you experience stomach pain , nausea , being sick ( vomiting ), diarrhoea or stomach pain , unusual abdominal pain or discomfort , bone pain or fractures , bone pain or fractures , bone pain , or decreases in blood pressure . in addition , your doctor may identify changes in your blood or urine test results . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions such as anaphylaxis ( difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips and / or tongue ) have been reported in patients treated with orgalutran . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) swelling , redness , swelling or headache . ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( see also section 2 ): nausea ( abdominal pain ). if any of these side effects becomes severe , tell your doctor . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache , abdominal pain , nausea . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): allergic reactions ( see section " warnings and precautions "). nausea , abdominal pain . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these reactions may be serious and require immediate medical attention . infusion reactions during or within the first 24 hours of your infusion . the infusion may be continued after the infusion and for two hours after the start of other infusions . if you develop a reaction , your doctor may decide to temporarily reduce your dose or stop your treatment . infusion reactions during or within the first hours of your infusion or later hours after the infusion you may develop hives , skin reactions , itching , feeling weak , tired , dental problems , difficulty walking or sight loss these may be signs of a very serious condition called diabetic ketoacidosis ( build - up of acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : dizziness , chills , fever , chills , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , itching , rash , hives , peeling or peeling of the liver , jaundice ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ) or inflammation of the liver ( hepatitis ) yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) liver disorders , which may cause yellowing of the skin and eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with fever or other signs such as tiredness , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , difficulty breathing or dizziness , light - headedness , light - headedness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or tongue , skin rash , which may indicate difficulties in swallowing or breathing ( angioedema ), fever or fever . these may be signs of a liver problem . - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ) - stevens - johnson syndrome , which can appear as reddish target - like macules or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk , skin peeling , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , nose and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). some side effects could be serious and need immediate medical attention : you should see your doctor immediately if you experience tiredness , shortness of breath , cough , light - headedness , difficulty breathing or dizziness , light - headedness , or light - headedness , which may be signs of a liver problem - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and / or whites of the nose ) - skin rash , which may be severe and include peeling of the skin or whites of the nose , nose , mouth and genitals ( stevens - johnson syndrome / toxic epidermal necrolysis ). - if you experience any of these , or serious signs of low blood sugar : - neutropenia ( neutropenia ), - a decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in the number of white blood cells ( leucopenia ) - decrease in
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - the skin may be caused by an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_hcs is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following serious side effects you may need urgent medical treatment : - swelling of your face or throat - a severe allergic reaction which may include a swollen face , lips , mouth or tongue which may be a sign of a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and / or stools - feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - abdominal pain - pain , redness or swelling - a reaction where you have a seizure or a severe condition called " serotonin syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a serious allergic reaction , your doctor may decide to reduce the infusion and / or give you additional medicines to reduce your side effects . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or breathing , which may be a sign of a serious condition called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or breathing - a severe allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and accelerated breathing - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome " which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition known as a serious condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . - symptoms such as pain , swelling , redness or redness of the skin - a severe allergic reaction or a serious allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel breathing or breathing problems - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe or life - threatening allergic reaction or a severe drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel breathing or breathing problems - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe or life - threatening allergic reaction or a severe drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel breathing or breathing problems - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel sudden_swelling_of_your_lips or have a serious , potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : - swelling of your face or throat - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome " ( a rare reaction which may lead to a life - threatening allergic reaction ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or breathing - a severe allergic reaction known as a hypersensitivity reaction or a severe allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel breathing or breathing problems - swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat - a severe drop in blood pressure , which may make you feel sudden_swelling_of_your_lips or breathing - you may be having a serious or potentially life - threatening allergic reaction . - if you notice a severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of your tongue or throat ) - swelling of your face , lips , mouth or throat which may cause a difficulty in breathing or breathing - a severe allergic reaction known as a sudden drop in blood pressure and accelerated breathing - a severe infection called " serotonin syndrome " which may be a sign of a life - threatening condition known as a serious condition called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . your doctor will monitor your blood tests before and during treatment with treatment . symptoms of infusion related reactions may include : - swelling of your face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - swelling of your face or throat - a severe allergic reaction which may cause a swollen face , lips , mouth
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or confusion . these usually occur within a short time . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you experience any of the following : dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , tingling or confusion . these usually occur within a short time . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood pressure . dizziness , shaking , numbness , tingling , tingling or numbness . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or shaking , dizziness , dizziness , shaking , back numbness or pain in hands or feet , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , shaking , back numbness , nausea , back pain , pain in the arms or legs , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , dry mouth , swelling of hands , feet or feet , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , dry mouth , swelling of the hands , feet or ankles , shaking , tingling , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling or shaking , dizziness , nausea , abdominal pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , shaking , shaking , dizziness , confusion , shaking , back pain , nausea , back pain , persistent tiredness , shaking , tingling or numbness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): dizziness , shaking , shaking , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling or shaking , dizziness , confusion , nausea , back pain , excessive gas in the hands or feet ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some side effects could be serious . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) difficulty breathing or swallowing , which may be a sign of allergic reaction . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - headache - cough - blocked or blocked nose - sneezing - sore throat - runny nose - difficulty breathing - wheezing - coughing common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - voice alteration ( hoarseness ) - blocked nose - sneezing , cough - headache - pain in lower limbs or bones ( musculoskeletal pain ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - fast heart beat - oral thrush ( candidiasis ) - low level of sugar in the blood - muscle spasm - skin rash - rash - abnormal sensation in the mouth - blurred vision reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - the skin may be caused by an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with zyllt is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness ; rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , which may be accompanied by fever , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) therapy may cause your body to retain water ( severe fluid retention ). if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . if you have any of these symptoms , please tell your doctor immediately . your doctor may instruct you to restart treatment at a lower dose . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor or nurse immediately . some of these reactions can be serious and need immediate medical attention . if you experience any of these symptoms , please inform your doctor as soon as possible . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to any_other_symptoms . your doctor may instruct you to decrease the dose and / or discontinue treatment with lamivudine_teva to reduce your side effects . some of these side effects may be serious and require treatment . side effects may occur at least up to 1 in 10 patients . the most common side effect of lamivudine_teva is a very common side effect . it may affect more than 1 in 10 people . the signs may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , collapse contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . if you have a serious allergic reaction ( e . g . skin rash , may affect up to 'hives in 10 people ). the signs may include skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty swallowing or breathing , you should contact your doctor immediately . these may be signs of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome ", which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following side effects : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - a slight decrease in the levels of some liver enzymes ( thrombocytopenia ) - an increase in the levels of liver enzymes ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the number of liver enzymes ( transaminases ) in the blood ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of enzymes produced in the muscles ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin ( an enzyme produced in the muscles ) - an increase in bilirubin ( an enzyme produced in the muscles ) - an increase in some liver enzymes - transaminases - an increase in some liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in the level of liver enzymes - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red blood cells ( transaminases ) - an increase in bilirubin , a breakdown product of red
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): serious allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported uncommonly ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) but are extremely serious and patients should stop taking the medicine and see their doctor immediately . if these symptoms occur , please tell your doctor as soon as possible . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported very rarely . if you experience any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face , lips , tongue and / or throat and difficulty breathing . contact your doctor immediately if you experience these symptoms . very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): seizures , swelling of the face ,
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following side effects : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . these side effects are usually mild to moderate and need immediate medical attention . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more likely to be serious . these side effects are usually mild to moderate . the following side effects have been observed with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more common when you start using this medicine . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control this side effects . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more common when you start using this medicine . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control this side effects . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more common when you start using this medicine . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control this side effects . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more common when you start using this medicine . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control this side effects . other side effects in women very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea and tiredness . these side effects are more common when you start using this medicine . your doctor may also prescribe other medicines to help control your side effects . the following side effects have been
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( including itching and swelling ) in the palms of the hands or soles of the soles of your feet which may cause your swollen face , hands or soles of your feet which may cause pain and swelling ( oedema ) at the application site ( frequency not known ). the frequency of these effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness or itching ( especially on the hand of the hands or soles of the feet ). swollen or painful hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling ( oedema ) and hand and hand ( paraesthesia ), hand and foot syndrome ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): pain , swelling , redness or itching ( especially on the hand of the hands or soles of the feet ). swollen or painful hands and feet ( hand - foot syndrome ). pain , swelling ( including oedema ) fever . allergic reactions : skin rash ( including darkening of the palms of the hands or soles of the feet ). red and swollen eyelids ( palms of your hands or feet ). frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) allergic reactions . frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): allergic reactions . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately and stop taking cinacalcet_accordpharma : - if you experience allergic reactions ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat ). these may be signs of an allergic reaction . these may be signs of a serious condition called " differentiation syndrome " ( hypocalcaemia ). very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache , dizziness , nausea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), diarrhoea , constipation , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , nausea , vomiting , abdominal pain , muscle aches or cramps , back pain , headache , breathing difficulties or cough . your doctor will tell you how to treat low blood sugar levels and what to do if you get any of the side effects above . this may include : diarrhoea , abdominal pain , low blood pressure ( hypotension ), cough , diarrhoea , dyspepsia ( indigestion ), abdominal pain , constipation , vomiting , nausea , high blood pressure ( hypotension ), back pain , muscle aches or cramps , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness , back pain , muscle aches or stiffness
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these effects may be serious and may require medical attention . serious side effects tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following serious or potentially serious side effects : lactic acidosis , seen very rarely ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), as a consequence of severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) a very rare side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking ebymect and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . other side effects include : uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis is a rare but very rare side effect but may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people . very rare : may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , you must contact your doctor immediately . lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) is a very rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 , 000 people ), but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis ( see section " warnings and precautions "). if this happens you must stop taking coma and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately , as lactic acidosis may lead to coma . the most common side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) severe and persistent pain in the abdomen ( stomach area ) which might reach through to your back , as well as nausea and vomiting , as it could be a sign of an inflamed pancreas ( pancreatitis ). very rare ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ) lactic acidosis ( excess lactic acid in the blood ) if you notice any of these symptoms : → tell your doctor . lactic acidosis ( build - up of lactic acid in the blood because the body is breaking down fat instead of sugar ). if you do not treat it , this could lead to diabetic coma and eventually death .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following : signs of infection such as fever , chills , sweats , drowsiness , or unexplained onset of consciousness . the following side effects have been observed with edurant : nausea , vomiting , stomach pain , tiredness , chills , fever , infection , inflammation and inflammation ( symptoms include : tiredness , chills , fever , sweats ). if you experience any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or pharmacist . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting 36 system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . stop taking avandamet and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following side effects : liver problems that may occasionally be severe have been reported . your doctor should do blood tests before you start avandamet with you . if you have stopped taking avandamet for any of the following side effects , you should immediately contact your doctor as soon as possible . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ) diarrhoea . common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of " alkaline phosphatase " in your blood ( which may be a sign of liver problems ) high level of " bilirubin " in your blood ( which may be a sign of yellowing of the skin or the whites of the mouth ) angioedema ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing ) swelling and oedema ( oedema ) common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting feeling sick ( nausea ) low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of sugar in the blood high level of sugar in the blood , weight gain , increase in liver enzymes ( seen in blood tests ) yellowing of the skin ( jaundice ) swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . − if you have previously been treated with avandamet , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . fluid retention ( oedema ) and swelling ( oedema ) at the beginning of this medicine . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat ( angioedema ) and difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) and swelling ( oedema ) has also been seen in a very small number of these patients . changes in blood tests ( low red blood cell count ) decreased number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , seek medical advice immediately . trouble breathing ( oedema ) swelling and oedema ( oedema ) at the beginning of this medicine . blood tests may show changes in the amount of red blood cells ( anaemia ) in the number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) low level of red blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) high level of uric acid in the blood ( shown in tests ) rash swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue or throat angioedema ( angioedema ) causing difficulty in breathing if you notice any of these symptoms , contact your doctor as soon as possible . localised swelling ( oedema ) and swelling ( oedema ) has also been seen in a very small number of these patients . changes in blood tests ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) increase in white blood cells ( anaemia ) high level of uric acid in the blood
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . contact your doctor immediately if you experience : - fever , signs of infection or extreme tiredness . these may be due to rare decrease of some blood cells . - signs of liver problems such as yellowing of the skin and / or the eyes ( jaundice ), whether or not associated with bleeding which appears under the skin as red pinpoint dots and / or confusion ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). - swelling in the mouth or eyes . - rashes and itching - the skin may be caused by an allergic reaction . the most common side effect reported with clopidogrel_mylan is bleeding . bleeding may occur as bleeding in the stomach or bowels , bruising , haematoma ( unusual bleeding or bruising under the skin ), nose bleed , blood in the urine . in a small number of cases , bleeding in the eye , inside the head , the lung or the joints has also been reported . if you experience prolonged bleeding when taking clopidogrel acino . if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 2 ' warnings and precautions '). other side effects include : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): diarrhoea , abdominal pain , indigestion or heartburn . uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): headache , stomach ulcer , vomiting , nausea , constipation , excessive gas in stomach or intestines , rashes , itching , dizziness , sensation of tingling and numbness . - rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo , enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , nausea and constipation ; excessive gas in stomach or intestines ; rashes ; itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect ( may affect up to 1 in 1000 people ): vertigo ; enlarged breasts in males . very rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 , 000 people ): jaundice ; severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , severe abdominal pain with or without back pain ; fever , itching ; dizziness ; sensation of tingling and numbness . rare side effect (
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) fever feeling tired ( anaemia ) common ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) abdominal pain muscle aches or feeling tired ( fever ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever , upper abdominal pain , muscle aches , feeling tired or fever low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) fever ( low red blood cell count ) ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) upper abdominal pain uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) low red blood cell count ( anaemia ) uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) blood clot in small blood vessels ( thrombotic microangiopathy ) reporting of side effects if you get any side effects , talk to your doctor or nurse . this includes any possible side effects not listed in this leaflet . you can also report side effects directly via the national reporting system listed in appendix v . by reporting side effects you can help provide more information on the safety of this medicine .
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . serious side effects tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of an allergic reaction : - difficulty in breathing - wheezing - shortness of breath - fainting - dizziness - fainting - paleness - dizziness - headache - shortness of breath - wheezing - difficulty breathing - throat swelling - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - vomiting - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - feeling sick ( nausea ) 28 - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea ) - diarrhoea - feeling sick ( nausea )
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects may happen with this medicine . if you experience any of the following serious side effects you should stop taking viagra and contact a doctor immediately : - a sudden severe allergic reaction ( anaphylactic shock ) - severe skin reactions including swelling of the face , lips , mouth , tongue and / or throat and / or eyes and / or fever and / or seizures ( see section 2 ). - if you experience this side effect , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . the following side effects may occur with this medicine : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) headache . common ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ): nausea , facial flushing , hot flush ( symptoms include a sudden feeling of heat in your upper body ), indigestion , colour tinge to vision , blurred vision , visual disturbance , stuffy nose and dizziness . uncommon ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ): vomiting , skin rash , eye irritation , bloodshot eyes / red eyes , eye pain , seeing flashes of light , visual brightness , light sensitivity , watery eyes , pounding heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the sinuses ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms include heartburn ), presence of blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed , feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the throat ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy nose ), upper abdominal pain , gastro - oesophageal reflux disease ( symptoms with heartburn , blood in urine , pain in the arms or legs , nosebleed ), feeling hot and feeling tired . rare ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): fainting , stroke , heart attack , irregular heartbeat , temporary decreased blood flow to parts of the brain , feeling of tightening of the throat , feeling of tightening of the throat , numb mouth , pounding heartbeat , rapid heartbeat , high blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , muscle pain , feeling sleepy , reduced sense of touch , vertigo , ringing in the ears , dry mouth , blocked or stuffy sinuses , inflammation of the intestine ( symptoms include runny nose , sneezing and stuffy
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . evaluation of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) common ( affects 1 to 10 users in 100 ) uncommon ( affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 ) rare ( affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 ) very rare ( affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) the following events have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have also been reported : frequency not known ( cannot be estimated from the available data ) side effects reported in clinical studies for patients treated with sifrol were : very common : may affect more than 1 in 10 people common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects were reported as : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 73 nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in clinical studies , the following undesirable effects were reported as follows : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 73 nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data . the following additional side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects were reported as : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 73 nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in clinical studies , the following undesirable effects were reported as : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 73 nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have been reported : frequency not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ) in clinical studies , the following undesirable effects were reported as : very common : dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ) 73 nausea ( feeling sick ) common : may affect up to 1 in 10 people uncommon : affects 1 to 10 users in 1 , 000 rare : affects 1 to 10 users in 10 , 000 very rare : affects less than 1 user in 10 , 000 not known : frequency cannot be estimated from the available data if you suffer from parkinson ' s disease , the following side effects have been reported :
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . the following side effects have been observed with emadine : common side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - back pain - back pain - increased pressure in the eye - rash - headache uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased heart rate - increased heart rate - abnormal heart rate - increased pressure in the back of the eye - rash - dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - blurred vision - ringing in the ears - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye - blurred vision - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry mouth - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased sensitivity to light - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) - visual disturbance - ringing in the ears - increased pressure in the eye - rash - dry eye - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - redness of the eye - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) - visual disturbance - ringing in the ears - increased pressure in the eye - rash , dry eye - discolouration of the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) - visual disturbance - ringing in the ears - increased pressure in the eye - rash - dry eye - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - redness of the eye - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) - visual disturbance - ringing in the ears ( tinnitus ) - rash - dry eye - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - redness of the eye - dry eye - increased tear production uncommon side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 100 people ) - increased pressure in the eye ( glaucoma ) - visual disturbance - increased sensitivity to light - rash , dry skin - dry eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure in the eye - increased pressure
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you : experience : - weakness , feel light - headed or dizzy or have difficulty breathing , as these may be signs of a serious allergic ( anaphylactic ) reaction swelling of the face , lips , tongue and throat ( quincke ' s oedema ) flu - like symptoms and a rash on the face followed by an extended rash with a high temperature , increased levels of liver enzymes seen in blood tests and an increase in a type of white blood cell ( eosinophilia ) and enlarged lymph nodes ( drug reaction with eosinophilia and systemic symptoms [ dress ]) symptoms such as low urine volume , nausea , vomiting , confusion and swelling in the legs , ankles or feet , as this may be a sign of sudden decrease of blood pressure . - if you experience a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of any of the following symptoms : confusion , somnolence ( sleepiness ), sleepiness , amnesia ( loss of memory ), memory impairment ( forgetfulness ), abnormal behaviour or other neurological signs including involuntary or uncontrolled movements . these could be symptoms of a condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body and needs urgent medical attention . - if you have a combination of
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions you should contact your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : hives ( hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) symptoms of allergic reactions ( hives and hives ) rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) 29 - other side effects include : - allergic reactions such as hives and hives . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ) - 29 -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . allergic reactions ( anaphylaxis ) 60 60 if you have symptoms of an allergic reaction ( anaphylaxis ) have been reported . 60 if you experience symptoms such as swelling of your face , lips , tongue or throat , anaphylaxis ( a serious allergic reaction ), symptoms of swelling of the face , chest tightness , chest pain and feeling of tightness in your chest , or fever with symptoms such as : - swelling of your face , chest , chest , chest , and / or throat , which may cause breathing difficulties or drop in blood pressure - fever - symptoms of urinary tract infection - headache - dizziness - feeling lightheaded - a high temperature ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - headache - dizziness - feeling lightheaded - a high temperature ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - fever ( high temperature ) - upper abdominal pain or discomfort ( signs of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high temperature symptoms of urinary tract infection ( common ) ( may affect up to 1 in 10 people ) - upper abdominal pain - urinary symptoms - fever ( high temperature ) - blood in urine - discomfort - cough - chest tightness - pain , redness or swelling where the injection is given - headache - cough - fever - high temperature ( fever ) - high blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - back pain - urinary tract infection - fever - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( hypertension ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in your urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - low blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - blood in urine - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - urinary tract infection - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - urinary tract infection - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) - urinary tract infection - cough - high blood pressure ( symptoms of urinary tract infection ) - cough - high blood pressure ( hypertension ) -
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling , swelling or swelling in your arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ). diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , decreased number of white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections or fever . signs of infection : upper respiratory infections such as infection , fever , feeling tired , changes in vision , or vision changes . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( reactivation of reactivation lysis syndrome ) reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ) worsening of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ) with symptoms such as fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , muscle twitching , changes in vision , loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may cause back pain , fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may be life - threatening ( life - threatening allergic reaction ) infection , fever , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , changes in vision , confusion , or loss of contact with your doctor . very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or swelling in the arms and legs ( peripheral oedema ). diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , constipation , constipation , back pain , muscle cramps , muscle weakness , muscle weakness , feeling tired , fatigue , fever , infection , decreased number of white blood cells , which can make you more prone to infections or fever . signs of infection : urinary tract infection , infection , fever , feeling tired , changes in vision , and vision loss . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( reactivation of reactivation lysis syndrome ) reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ) worsening of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ) with symptoms such as fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , muscle twitching , changes in vision including loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may cause back pain , fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may be a serious condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ), which may be life - threatening . symptoms of infection such as fever , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , changes in vision , confusion , abnormal vision , confusion . rare side effects ( may affect up to 1 in 1 , 000 people ): posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( reactivation of reactivation lysis syndrome ) reactivation of hepatitis b infection when you have had hepatitis b in the past ( a liver infection ) not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ): merkel cell carcinoma ( a type of cancer of cancer cells ) with symptoms such as fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , muscle twitching , changes in vision including loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may cause back pain , fever , confusion , changes in vision , changes in vision , loss of vision ( posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome or pres ), which may be life - threatening ( life - threatening allergic reaction ) tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you notice any of the following signs of infection : fever , muscle twitching , muscle stiffness , changes in vision , confusion or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ), which may be life - threatening . signs of infection such as fever , muscle twitching , muscle twitching , changes in vision , confusion or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a condition called posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome ( pres ). tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following signs of infection : fever , muscle twitching , muscle stiffness , changes in vision , confusion , fatigue , fever , signs of infection , including : very common side effects ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): dizziness , numbness , tingling or swelling in the
like all medicines , this medicine can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . tell your doctor immediately if you experience : - allergic reactions , which may be trouble swallowing or breathing , hives , swelling of the skin and rash . these may be signs of an rash . other side effects may include : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - feeling sick ( vomiting ) - diarrhoea - stomach pain - pain or stomach upset - stomach pain - rash - itchy rash ( hives ) - runny or runny nose - sneezing - cough - throat pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea - vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain - stomach pain - stomach pain - diarrhoea , vomiting - stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain , diarrhoea , vomiting , stomach pain , stomach pain , stomach pain
like all medicines , zerene can cause side effects , although not everybody gets them . some of these side effects may be serious and may lead to frequency not known . the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of the following side effects is not known ( frequency cannot be estimated from the available data ). the frequency of these side effects is based on the following frequencies : very common ( may affect more than 1 in 10 people ): - a fall in the number of dizziness , dizziness , light - headedness or a severe decrease in the number of red blood cells ( which are important in fighting infection ) - liver problems . if any of the side effects gets serious , or if you notice any side effects not listed in this leaflet , please tell your doctor or pharmacist .
