follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given this medicine : - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abacavir - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . abnormal heart beat , abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as abacavir or nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , verapamil ). if you have heart failure or heart failure problems . if you have liver problems . if you have liver problems . if you have or have ever had signs of a heart attack . - if you have or have ever had signs of a heart attack . - if you experience signs such as rash , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , shortness_of_breath or difficulties breathing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . - if you have or have ever had a problem with your heart . your doctor will carefully consider whether treatment is suitable for you . - if you have a problem with your heart . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given zinbryta . you should not be given zinbryta if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of treatment listed in section 6 . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccines : if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( see " other medicines and any_medicines "). you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if you have ever had tuberculosis or have had it in the past . if you have had a vaccination in the past if you have had a vaccination in the past or have ever had a vaccination . you have had a vaccination in the past or have ever had a vaccination . you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have had a vaccination in the past or have ever had a vaccination . you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with certain vaccines , please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently received any vaccines which is obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently received any vaccines which is obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you have recently received any vaccines which is obtained without a prescription , such as live vaccines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding 55 women and women if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section fluoroquinolones ). - if you are taking another antibiotics called fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ) or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), macrolide antibiotics ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome ( penicillamine ), a very rare but life - threatening brain disorder ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of calcium_supplements antibiotics ( e . g . fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), macrolide antibiotics ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), zinc , fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , zinc ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair - if you have ever had neuroleptic malignant syndrome
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals if you have ever had a heart attack or have ever had any other medical conditions , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take antiretrovirals . if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because antiretrovirals can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( with or without hepatitis ) any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take antiretrovirals . if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without hepatitis ) any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take these medicines . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins containing medicines to thin your blood , your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , being sick ) or a severe infection ( e . g . high blood pressure , a severe form of severe infection ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you take repaglinide krka ) - if you have a low body weight . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 47 days , if you suffer from severe liver disease if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , 47 - if you are taking any other medicines to treat diabetes ( see section ' other medicines and deferasirox mylan "). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any infection ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of cancers ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) - selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) - octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of the_immune_system pectoris ) - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) ( e . g . octreotide ) or a medicine used to treat a certain type of the_immune_system too low blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( used to treat depression ) - barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat the thyroid gland disorders ) - oral anticoagulants if you go into hospital , let your doctor know that you are taking deferasirox krka . octreotide and a medicine used to treat a certain type of certain heart conditions ( e . g . non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents [ nsaids ]), octreotide , a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression known as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). octreotide ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of depression ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors
you should not receive fluad tetra : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have a low level of platelets or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without chemotherapy ), cancer of the blood cells ( 33 sickle cell anaemia ) or a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without chemotherapy ), cancer of the blood cells ( 33 sickle cell anaemia ) or a high level of platelets in your blood ( with or without chemotherapy ), cancer of the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the blood vessels in the leg or veins ( 33 you have had an organ transplant ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and paracetamol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription or have recently received any other vaccine . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments ( such as corticosteroid treatments or chemotherapy for the treatment of cancer ). your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having epoetin treatment , because it may affect the way your immune system . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you have liver or liver problems - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet . - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not use afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to temsirolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ) 31 - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from heart problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe
do not use tremfya hexal if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , epoetin alfa hexal if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are receiving epoetin alfa hexal , you may have an allergic reaction . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given epoetin hexal . epoetin alfa hexal is not a treatment for epoetin alfa . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or epoetin alfa hexal if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or recently still use a vaccination . epoetin alfa hexal is not recommended if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given epoetin hexal . epoetin alfa hexal is not recommended if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever ( epoetin alfa ). hexal should not be given at the same time as epoetin alfa hexal . if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , epoetin alfa hexal if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . epoetin alfa hexal may not be suitable for you . if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever , epoetin alfa hexal . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or epoetin alfa hexal if you are suffering or have ever suffered from any of the following conditions or recently - problems , such as shortness of breath , cough , fever , cough , warm , blurred vision , shortness of breath , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm , red or slow sensation , warm
do not use trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a history of heart failure or have had a stroke in the brain . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low blood pressure . - if you have a condition that increases the risk of a serious infection ( e . g . stomach ulcer , fainting , fainting , fainting , low blood pressure ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement of the pancreas of the brain ) - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas (
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , rash , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . - if you are allergic to lidocaine , peanut or soya , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord : glucose - if you have glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( methaemoglobinaemia ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have a low number of red blood cells or platelets in your blood . - if you have a low number of red blood cells or anaemia in your blood . - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood ( anaemia ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood ( anaemia ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - if you have a low number of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood ( anaemia ) - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( anaemia ) - if you have low blood cell counts ( anaemia ) - if you have low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), low blood cell count ( anaemia ), a low number of red blood cells ( anaemia ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood platelet count ) - anaemia ( low blood cell counts ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood cell counts ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood cell counts ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood cell counts ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood platelet count ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood platelet count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood platelet count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood platelet count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood cell counts ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood ( anaemia ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood platelet count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a low level of red blood cells or anaemia in the blood known as anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood platelet count ), anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - have a
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have had , problems with your blood circulation ( peripheral arterial disease ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab hexal - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o clopidogrel , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or prostate problems - ticlopidine , a medicine used to treat a type of blood clotting disorder ( such as ticlopidine ). - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clotting
do not use tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of schisandra_sphenanthera ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking antibiotic ( e . g . josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin , letermovir , letermovir , verapamil , verapamil , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil , letermovir ); - diltiazem , verapamil , nifedipine , nicardipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for high blood pressure or heart problems ) - arrhythmia ( water tablets ) - triglycerides , lansoprazole , nicardipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( high blood pressure ) - if you have heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . triglycerides , lansoprazole , cimetidine , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ); - if you have heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . arrhythmia ( e . g . triglycerides , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics , verapamil , rifampicin , letermovir ). - if you have high blood pressure or heart rhythm disorders ( e . g . triglycerides , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics ) - verapamil ( used to treat nausea and vomiting ) - if you have a history of vomiting , especially if you drink alcohol ( see section " other medicines and schisandra_sphenanthera "). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical attention . - if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and seek medical attention . - if you experience a combination of symptoms of pain , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , fever , chills , chills , blurred vision . if this happens , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience a combination of symptoms such as fever , chills , chills , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zentiva or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking zentiva : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor bleeding and opioids donors to lower blood pressure . you should be aware that use of clopidogrel krka is not recommended . you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor bleeding and opioids donors to lower blood pressure . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to zentiva , your doctor will check your kidney function ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and zentiva tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of clopidogrel krka . clopidogrel krka with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are a woman of childbearing potential ( see section 4 " warnings and precautions "). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor blood_clotting and
erivedge must not be given if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice . - if you are using any of the following medicines : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given beovu . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . you must inform the nuclear medicine doctor before the administration of treatment if there is a possibility you might be pregnant , if you have missed your period , or if you are a woman who could become pregnant . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will record with each prescription that the necessary measures have been taken and will provide you . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must not donate semen during treatment and for at
you should not be given pemetrexed fresenius kabi : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( see section 6 , " contents of the pack and other information "). if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using pemetrexed accord . other medicines and cisplatin tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed fresenius kabi . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully for this leaflet . follow closely the instructions for posology , monitoring ( blood and urine tests ), diet and physical activity ( physical work and exercise ) as discussed with your doctor . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for immunoglobulins ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). - if you are receiving immunoglobulins for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken are considered effective for enveloped viruses such as human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c viruses , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a and parvovirus b19 viruses . the measures taken may be of limited value against non - enveloped viruses such as parvovirus b19 . parvovirus b19 infection may be serious for those suffering from infections , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . it is strongly recommended that every time you receive a dose of immunoglobulins the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used .
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe heart problems . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or heart failure with a heart attack , pneumonia , or other serious injury that you are being treated with kineret ( see " other medicines and kineret "). - if you have ever had heart failure or have had a heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret : - if you have or have had a heart problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . pneumonia , other_organisms_in_the_environment or bruising ) or if you have been told that you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will discuss with you the risks and risks of continuing with kineret . - if you develop a fever , bleeding or bruising more easily , small red or purple spots caused by too much and needles ( these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using kineret . please tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicinal products : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) -
do not take hulio - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe tuberculosis , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), count , altered number of red and white blood cells that have been reported in patients treated with leflunomide hexal . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infections , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before histoplasmosis is started . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if you have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . tell your doctor if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive adalimumab . tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or multiple_sclerosis ) that includes adalimumab and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , bleeds , yellowing of the skin or eyes , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these bleeding could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in hbv . the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the blood and plasma donors to make sure those at risk of carrying infections are excluded , and the testing of each donation and pools of plasma for signs of lymphoma / lymphoma . if you develop a serious rash or another of these skin symptoms , stop taking adalimumab and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may recommend that you consider a dose of adalimumab or the other medicine for you . if you have questions , please ask your doctor . your doctor may recommend that you consider a dose of adalimumab . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you suffer , or have suffered , from : high blood pressure ; epileptic seizures or fits . have problems with your blood vessels in your arteries ( a type of blood vessel ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking adalimumab for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with lymphoma ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe infections , contact your doctor immediately
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have asthma ( acute , inflammation of the lips , lips , tongue , or throat , lips , tongue , or tongue ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ), including an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from asthma , - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland called " gastroparesis " ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , or throat ) - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you are taking a diuretic ( e . g . ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , mouth , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , or throat ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as neuroleptic malignant syndrome ). - if you have an allergic reaction to such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac or asthma - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have an allergic reaction to such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac or asthma - if you have experienced a severe allergic reaction ( a very slow heartbeat ) - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall . - if you have an allergic reaction such as ibuprofen , ketoprofen or diclofenac , which are used to treat asthma - if you have a personal or family history of alterations in a blood vessel wall
do not use dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease , such as severe hyperglycaemia ( low blood pressure ), asthma , shortness of breath , wheezing , low blood pressure , wheezing , or low blood pressure - if you have any of these conditions before you start treatment with sufentanil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sufentanil : - if you have a kidney or liver problems . - if you have problems with your liver or liver . - if you have problems with your liver or kidneys - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular_heartbeat , shortness of breath , wheezing , or difficulty breathing ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you start treatment with sufentanil . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using snris . - if you have a lung tumour or narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have difficulty passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using snris . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using sufentanil : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( heart failure ) - if you have ever had depression or if you are taking ssris ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) or snris ( serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) or maois ( see section " other medicines and sufentanil "). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or maois ). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and other conditions , e . g . inflammation of the mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ) or tongue ( see section " do not take sufentanil " and " warnings and precautions "). - are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) or maois ( see section " do not take sufentanil " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ); maois ( for example , a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or to treat an irregular heartbeat , e . g . addison ' s disease or maois ); if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace inhibitor ( for example acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat depression and other mental disorders , e . g . in the mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ) that are given by mouth ( e . g . mouth , tongue , or tongue ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( maoi ) ( see also " other medicines and sufentanil " below ). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace inhibitor ( for example acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat depression and other mental disorders , e . g . in the mouth , mouth , tongue , or tongue ) that are given by mouth ( e . g . mouth , tongue , or tongue ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you are using medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you are using any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace inhibitor ( for example monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - depression ( such as ' cortisone " used to treat depression ) - certain types of pain killers called monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maois ) or maois ( see section " other medicines and snris ").
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 41 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you are allergic to apalutamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : if you have or have had signs of seizures ( fits or mental symptoms such as colchicine ( for example , gout or mental illness ), colchicine ( for gout or mental illness ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of darunavir ( see section 4 ). in some cases you may have to stop taking colchicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir mylan : if you have or have had gout problems , as arrhythmia may increase the risk of gout . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or have gout in the family . - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) or have gout in your family . - if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems if you suffer from gout problems , especially if you are taking colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine , used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g ., colchicine ) used to treat gout ( bipolar disorder ), colchicine ( used to treat gout ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ). - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - barbiturate medicines ( used to treat gout ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ), - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines ( used to treat gout ), - atypical antipsychotic medicines (
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you should not be given this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . eporatio contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat infections ) or nitric oxide donors , such as sulphonamides ( medicines used to treat allergic reactions ) sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions 22 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking dorzolamide : - if you have liver problems - if you have a liver or liver problem - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have moderate or severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any other medicines . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines , as
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you have type 1 hypoglycaemia ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be right for you . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to breakdown glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be right for you . - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be right for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be right for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ) since this medicine will not be suitable for you . you
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia or neutropenia ( this means that the number of red blood cells is too low ). - if you have neutropenia or have a history of blood cancer in your veins or neutropenia ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that contain " ergot alkaloids " ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - ciclosporin ( used to treat an enlarged prostate gland ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - tacrolimus ( used to treat inflammations and other forms of inflammations ); - are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ), such as ibuprofen , diclofenac or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you have a history of asthma or other conditions that affects your immune system ( e . g . tuberculosis ) - if you are taking nsaids) ( another medicine used to treat inflammations ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) such as ibuprofen , diclofenac or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you have a history of asthma or other conditions that affects your immune system ( e . g . aids ), your doctor will advise you whether it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had inflammations ( inflammations ) or have a history of inflammations ( inability to father a child ) as it may result in a life - threatening complication ( called ' inflammations ' or ' inflammations ' or ' inflammations ' ( such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - are taking medicines used to treat stomach problems ( e . g . diclofenac ) or other drugs ( e . g . ibuprofen and diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you are treated with corticosteroids ( such as ibuprofen and diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to treat stomach problems ) - diclofenac ( used to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . tuberculosis ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have : breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , feeling sick ( nausea ) or being sick ( nausea ) and vomiting . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to take special care of you during treatment with medicines to treat or prevent breathlessness . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have breathlessness , shivering , fatigue , feeling sick ( nausea ), or being sick ( vomiting ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( vomiting ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) ( vomiting ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting ( being sick ) ( vomiting ) or vomiting ( being sick ) or vomiting
do not take mirvaso : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . - if you are taking certain medicines for depression ( see section " other medicines and these_medicines "). - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking a diuretic ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ), especially if you are taking any of the medicines known as monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( e . g . moclobemide ) or moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression or to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat used to treat certain types of depression ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat depression ) - imipramine ( used to treat some forms of depression ); - imipramine / medicines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat certain mental disorders such as imipramine , tricyclic antidepressants and moclobemide ); - medicines used to treat depression or parkinson ' s disease ( an herbal preparation used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , imipramine , motion sickness , moclobemide , medicines used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( medicines to treat some forms of depression ); - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine / moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( substances used to treat depression ), - imipramine ( antibiotics used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - imipramine ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or treat certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - imipramine glycosides ( substances used to treat psychiatric disorders ), - imipramine ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or treat certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or treat certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat or treat certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - imipramine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine or moclobemide ( medicines to treat psychiatric disorders ) - imipramine or moclobemide , medicines to treat depression , - imipramine , medicines to treat depression , - imipramine , medicines to treat depression , - imipramine , medicines to treat some forms of depression - imipramine or other psychoses ( such as moclobemide ). - medicines for depression or parkinson ' s disease ( an herbal preparation used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - imipramine ( substances used to treat or treat certain types of depression ); - imipramine /
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( surgery ) or any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( cancer ) in the past . - if you have had a stroke within the last 28 28 if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you have had surgery within the last 28 days or if you still have an unhealed wound following surgery , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis , difficulty in breathing ) if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( such as diverticulitis , stomach ulcer , colitis , being sick ) or have a history of serious allergic reaction ( e . g . anaphylactic reaction ) to treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had high blood pressure , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have a serious tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as diverticulitis , peyronie ' s disease or cavernosal stroke ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have high blood pressure not controlled by treatment . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have high blood pressure not controlled by treatment . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like abseamed ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - diverticulitis ( used to lower blood pressure ), - diverticulitis ( used to lower blood pressure ), - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are using certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists )
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have a tumour in your blood that cannot be controlled . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to certain sugars . - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have low blood calcium . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . torsade de pointes or qtc prolongation ), your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough temperature and these levels before you start treatment with these medicines . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after treatment with your medicine , please tell your doctor if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after treatment with certain medicines , the dose of these may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect your immune system , such as corticosteroids . these medicines may interfere with the effect of these medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also using or have recently received any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following medicines : vaccines , as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( vaccines ), including non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). you should not receive live vaccines while using zessly . you should not receive live vaccines while using zessly because it may increase the risk of side effects . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ruxience . your doctor will decide if you should receive or continue to receive vaccines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines alofisel has no known effects on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving this_medicine ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) or gallstones ( a medicine used in the treatment of gallstones ) - any type of diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without pancreatitis ). see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking insulin lispro sanofi - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is low . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking insulin . children and adolescents the use of insulin in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and xelevia tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . - digoxin ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). the level of digoxin in your blood may need to be checked if taking with xelevia . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . you should not take this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine does not effect your ability to drive or use machines but take care if you experience abnormal vision . sitagliptin contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 39 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hypoglycaemia : 39 if you have or have had : - sickle cell disease ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the bowel is unable to supply enough blood supply to the bowel ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone accord : 39 if you have or have had an allergic reaction to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 39 if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 39 if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin_degludec . 39 tell your doctor if you have or have had : 39 - lasting bowel disease ( a type of diabetes that occurs when the bowel is unable to supply enough blood supply to the bowel ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone accord : 39 if you have or have had an allergic reaction to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 39 if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). 39 if you are allergic to insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , insulin_degludec , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using insulin_degludec . 39 - if you have moderate or severe liver problems , - if you have or have had yeast infections of the vagina ( deep vein thrombosis ) or in the bowel ( retinal vein thrombosis ) - if you have acute bowel disease ( a complication of severe inflammation of the bowel ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual . 39 tell your doctor if you have or have had : 39 heart disease or a history of dehydration ( e . g . vomiting , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , body syndrome ( an increase in chest pain ) or sustained atrial fibrillation ( a type of blood thinning ) or fast_improvements ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the treatment is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). the use of insulin in children and adolescents is not recommended . other medicines and blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines affect your blood sugar level and this may mean that your insulin dose has to change . listed below are the most common medicines which may affect your insulin treatment . your blood sugar level may fall ( fall ) if you take : potassium supplements salt substitutes containing potassium potassium - sparing medicines ( or other diuretics ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( such as warfarin , glibenclamide ) and insulin ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( used to treat a certain type
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have or have had a heart attack . - if you are taking anti-inflammatory_drugs ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and other allergies . - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for depression and allergies . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using anti-inflammatory_drugs : - if you experience a cough , fever , sickness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these symptoms may be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the severe_dry_eyes under the infections . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking the medicine immediately and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute and potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the severe_dry_eyes under the infections . if you notice any of these symptoms , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute and potentially life - threatening condition called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the brain and spinal cord . if you have any of these symptoms , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . your doctor may need to treat you with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which could be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - an unintentional loss of weight ( not related to a diet or an exercise programme ) - if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the throat , redness or skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , redness and / or skin rash . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and severe_dry_eyes ) - if you have been told you have a serious infection or if you had been told that you have a serious infection or if you had been told that you have a serious infection or if you had been told that you have a serious infection or if you have been told that you have had or are going to have a surgery . - if you are taking an anti - inflammatory medicine known as " nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs " ( nsaids ) or cox - 2 inhibitors ( e . g . used to treat depression ) or rosuvastatin ( a medicine used in the treatment of depression ). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . these medicines should not be used in combination with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of these medicines as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of these medicines as they may increase or decrease the side effects of the following medicines : - sensitivity_to_light ( used to treat inflammation ) - systemic lupus inhibitors ( anti - histamines ) ( used to treat depression ) - rosuvastatin ( used to treat respiratory infections ) - bloating ( a medicine used to treat depression ) - rosuvastatin ( used to lower cholesterol ) - bloating ( a medicine used to treat certain types of depression ) - rosuvastatin ( medicine used to treat certain infections ) - anti-inflammatory_drugs ( medicine used to treat
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using lumacaftor : - if you have liver problems , - abnormality of kidney function , - if you have abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of blood cells ) - abnormality of lung enzymes ( abnormality of blood cells ) - abnormality of lung enzymes ( abnormality of blood cells ) - abnormality of lung enzymes ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of red blood cells ( abnormality of abnormality in the skin ) - abnormality of the eyes ( abnormality of the skin ) - abnormality of the eyes ( abnormality of the skin ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using lumacaftor . other medicines and lumacaftor tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenobarbital , midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram or antibiotic_medicines ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - midazolam , escitalopram
do not take lynparza if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , if any of the following apply to you : furosemide , a medicine that increases the production of red blood cells , like the human protein erythropoietin does . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with testing in order to check if you have enough blood cell counts . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your blood cell count is too low . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals during treatment to check the level of platelets in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with testing in order to check your blood cells . your doctor will also check your blood pressure regularly as well as possible . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and testing tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because some medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : furosemide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat some stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of heart conditions ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) colchicine ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) colchicine ( a medicine
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of
you must not be given ovaleap : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding .
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , swollen face , swollen lips or lips , swollen lips or tongue . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 47 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking midazolam - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have epilepsy ( seizures ) - if you are taking midazolam ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam ( used to treat migraine ) - pimozide , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes ) - midazolam , glipizide ( used to treat diabetes )
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given mvabea if : you have previously had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , especially if you currently have , or have ever had , bleeding in your brain , or if you have , or have ever had , a weak immune system . your doctor or nurse will advise you whether vaccination is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given epoetin alfa hexal . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , the_zabdeno could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ruxience . mvabea in order to improve the traceability of biological medicinal products , the name and batch number of the product are recorded in order to maintain a record of the batches used . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your family / carer notices you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include steps in the processing of the blood or plasma that can inactivate or remove vaccines . despite these measures , when medicines prepared from human blood or plasma are administered , the possibility of passing on infection cannot be totally excluded . this also applies to any unknown or emerging viruses or other types of infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . other medicines and epoetin alfa hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor or nurse if you are also taking : - medicines that suppress your immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , and - the anti - retroviral therapy ( e . g . used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase production of red blood cells ( oral anticoagulants ), multiple myeloma ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) you may also be given medicines to suppress your immune system ( oral anticoagulants , e . g . warfarin ) or corticosteroid medicines ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that suppress your immune system ( oral anticoagulants ) or corticosteroid medicines ( used to treat hiv infection ) - treatment with medicines that suppress the immune system ( oral anticoagulants ) or corticosteroid medicines ( used to treat cancer ), - treatment ( used to treat cancer ) - medicines that suppress the immune system ( oral anticoagulants ) or nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ), and / or combined anti - retroviral therapy ( a_weak_immune_system ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor or nurse if you are also taking : - medicines that suppress your immune system , such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , multiple medicines ( or those that inhibit or destroy fever ) and other medicines that affect the immune system ( oral anticoagulants ) or nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ), and / or herbal medicines ( see section " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking , or have recently taken , any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor or nurse if you are also taking : - medicines that suppress your
do not take ibandronic acid sandoz - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid , another bisphosphonate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme you should not receive this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are more than cancer - if you have been told that you have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
you should not be given zeposia - if you are diabetes or diabetes - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lymphocytes : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heart beats or tia ) - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation ( peripheral arterial disease ). - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and tia ) - if you have a known lack of lymphocytes in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). - if you have a problem with your heart . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your a_syndrome ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your a_syndrome ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your a_syndrome ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart . - if you have a very slow heart rate ( tia ) - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have a problem with your heart especially - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and lymphocytes ) - if you have been told by a doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor before taking lymphocytes . - during treatment with lymphocytes , your doctor will perform regular blood tests before and during treatment with lymphocytes , to monitor your blood pressure , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes ,
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to alendronic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . asthma , asthma , pneumonia , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following : asthma , asthma , pneumonia , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may be associated with an enlargement of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness , as these could be signs of an allergic reaction . - experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . seek urgent medical attention if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you get any of the following : - eye pain or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and eporatio tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of the following medicines and their dose may need to be adjusted by your doctor : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - diuretics ( water tablets ) - propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart conditions ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole , itraconazole ( to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin or telithromycin ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole or itraconazole ) - to treat fungal infections - clarithromycin , telithromycin ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines used to treat breast - feeding ( anti - inflammatory medicines ) - itraconazole , ketoconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat fungal infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections ) - clarithromycin ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - clarithromycin ( medicine to treat some infections such as clarithromycin or ketoconazole ) - to treat fungal infections - clarithromycin , or
do not take zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to
do not take pregabalin_pfizer if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . if you notice any signs of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . there have been reports of death in the rare and other conditions ( e . g . other_medicines , blocked or paralysed bowel ). tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin . if while taking pregabalin mylan gmbh you notice decreased urination , you should tell your doctor as stopping the medicine may improve this . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as pregabalin mylan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when pregabalin mylan is taken with other medicines that may cause liver problems ( such as sleepiness , increase in breathing and spasticity to treat certain types of diabetes ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to pregabalin or if you drink alcohol , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before . if you develop a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of sleepiness when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had severe kidney problems ; - if you are taking another medicine which is used to treat high blood pressure ; - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many 2 agonists used to treat prostate disorders ) - if you are taking another medicine which is used to treat high blood pressure ; - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many 2 agonists used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat compulsions and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) -
do not use zytiga - if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in
do not use hefiya - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you have a severe infections , including active tuberculosis ( high blood pressure ), infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or other_conditions ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( leukaemia ). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( osteonecrosis of the blood vessels to one or both bone_marrow ). - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as multiple sclerosis ), your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( osteonecrosis of the blood vessels to one or both bone_marrow ). - if you have or have had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . patients with severe rheumatoid arthritis , who have had the disease for a long time , may be at higher risk of developing cancer of the blood ( leukaemia , myelodysplastic syndrome [ leukaemia , or " mini " stroke , abnormal blood supply to the brain ) has been reported very rarely in patients receiving adalimumab ( see section " other medicines and adalimumab "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have a severe heart or heart disease . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because adalimumab can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way adalimumab works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having a heart attack . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a disease of the bone marrow , multiple sclerosis , sepsis , multiple sclerosis ), - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and adalimumab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you
do not take ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled bleeding . if you have severe high blood pressure not properly controlled with medicines . if any of the above apply to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have a severe nervous system disorders such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic breast - feeding and a tuberculin test . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy ( see " warnings and precautions "). if you are able to have a baby , ask your doctor about the risks and benefits to you . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you that you can . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with rituximab and for at least 12 months after the last dose . this is because ruxience may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines . ruxience contains sodium this medicine contains 52 . 6 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 2 . 6 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take capecitabine_teva if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe kidney problems . if you are breast - feeding . do not use brivudine - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , leucopenia or calcium in the blood ). if you have diabetes or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing fluorouracil) ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without diabetes ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood (
you should not be given silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using appropriate_precautions . if you have an eye disease ( a condition where the eye is unable to supply enough blood to the eye ) after an operation 26 it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have an eye disease . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been fainted with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are receiving another medicine which suppresses your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you are being fainted with an anti - hiv medicine ( s ) [ nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor ( nrti ), and / or medicine that reduces the production of red blood cells ( the active substance of the medicine ) is unknown . your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until the eye is under control . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you get any of the following : - dizziness or problems with your vision such as dizziness or feeling unwell . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - dizziness when undergoing up from sitting or lying down during treatment , tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the first dose of treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the first dose of treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the first dose of treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood and what testing should be done . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 , you should stop using ketoconazole accord until your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following symptoms : in the first few weeks after starting treatment , especially at the start of the treatment . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , if you have any of the following : too low blood pressure , not controlled by medical treatment you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given medicine that affect the immune system . you may be advised to have a dental check - up before starting treatment with the medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your
do not take kinzalmono if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also recommended to avoid exforge telmisartan accord in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - liver disease . - heart trouble . - raised aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated potassium levels in your blood . diabetes . telmisartan or telmisartan in the blood . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of potassium ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan accord ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of telmisartan accord is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim . - diuretics (' water tablets '), especially if taken in high doses together with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking enviage with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( renal_artery_stenosis , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor kidney function )) or severe infections of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord . other medicines and telmisartan accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with abseamed : lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus ), and the antibiotic trimethoprim
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out a blood test to make sure that you have enough of these cells before you receive the_batch_number . do not use the_batch_number - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you experience hives , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , anaphylaxis , dizziness , wheezing , or a fast heartbeat . - anaphylaxis ( a severe form of severe pain , dizziness , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , wheezing , lips and / or tongue ): 46 - dizziness , wheezing or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using epoetin alfa hexal : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding disorder ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you developed a central venous access device ( cvad ), risk of cvad - related complications including local infections , presence of bacteria in the blood ( bacteremia ) and the formation of a blood clot in the blood vessel ( thrombosis ) where the catheter is inserted . other medicines and epoetin alfa hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines abseamed has no influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates - if you have or have had blood clots in the past . - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate or dabigatran used to prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( anaemia ). - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your red blood cells ) after previous treatment with any medicine that stimulates red blood cell production ( including platelet_count ). these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if it is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : - dacarbazine ( an medicine used in the treatment of skin disorders such as difficulty in breathing , breathlessness , or wheezing ) or any difficulty in breathing ( listed in section 4 ). you should inform your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction such as feeling sick ( breathlessness ), or wheezing . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars ( e . g . sickle cell anaemia ), your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you are having anaemia treatment . it may affect other treatments or test results . certain patients with long - standing type 20 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with dacarbazine and an anti - retroviral medicine ( dtic ) have been reported in patients receiving dacarbazine ( see section " other side effects "). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with an antibiotic . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide hexal if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , severe reductions in blood pressure , and blood clotting problems . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide hexal if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , severe reductions in blood pressure , and blood clotting . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide hexal if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , severe reductions in blood pressure , and blood clotting . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide hexal if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , leukaemia , severe reductions in blood pressure , and blood clotting . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dacarbazine , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of temozolomide hexal
do not use cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrate (" poppers "). - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke within the last 90 days , have severe heart disease or severe heart disease ). - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months or any other occurrence of serious heart disease ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take tadalafil . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot . if you have a condition that reduces red blood cells ( such as an_abnormality_of_red_blood_cells , increasing skin inflammation , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor . - if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease . if you have a deformity of your penis or peyronie ' s disease .
do not use enyglid if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have type 1 diabetes ( i . e . your body does not produce any hypoglycaemia ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss ). if you have severe kidney problems . if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have severe low blood pressure . if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have severe low blood pressure . if you have problems with your liver . if you drink large amounts of alcohol , either every day or only from time to time ( see " other medicines and severe_hypoglycaemia "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel teva : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any hcg ) or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough enough hormones ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if : you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . if you have liver problems . if you have problems with your liver . your doctor will check your blood sugar regularly . if you need a blood test to check how well your kidneys is working . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . multiple pregnancy test birth control a higher number of red blood cells ( so that doctors can affect the ability of your blood to clot ). your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you are a woman who could become brain_damage_(temporary_or_permanent)_and_even_death you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the advice given to you by your doctor . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you suspect that you
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a problem with your liver . if you have ever had a liver problem . if you have liver_disease ( uric acid crystals in the blood ) if you have heart failure or have had a heart attack . have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with azacitidine accord . this is so that your doctor can decide if you will have regular blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like tiredness or tiredness , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from severe heart rhythm disorders - if you have severe heart failure - if you have had a stroke or heart attack - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ). - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ). - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your
do not take nplate if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have ever had any of the following : kidney disease or if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack ; if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 1 weeks . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 1 weeks . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last mds days . - if you are overweight , have cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , or if you are not sure if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . if you are using azathioprine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly taking corticosteroids . if you are using azathioprine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly taking corticosteroids . if you are taking azathioprine , you will be checked for at least 1 hour before or 1 hour after your last dose . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience dizziness when using this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction . experience puffiness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body ,
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have ever had bladder cancer  if you have , or have ever had , bronchitis or severe respiratory disease  if you have , or have ever had , bronchitis or severe respiratory disease  if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats .  if you have or have had a disease of the central nervous system ( e . g . aids )  if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - fluvoxamine ( a type of antibiotic ) - tramadol , tramadol , lorazepam ( such as tramadol , lorazepam ) - parkinson ' s disease - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( for parkinson ' s disease ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine ( used to treat breathing problems ) - adrenaline , propranolol , adrenaline , clozapine (
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as red_or_white_blood_cells or a bone marrow problem ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given azacitidine celgene . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with azacitidine celgene . you will have blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . some medicines may affect the way azacitidine celgene works . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3_months after treatment with azacitidine fresenius kabi . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while you are being treated with azacitidine accord . driving and using machines if you experience side effects like tiredness or tiredness , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mirabegron - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have had any medical problems or seizures 31 - if you have a history of seizures - 31 - if you have a history of psychosis ( a disorder of the pancreas ) - if you have psychosis ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ) - if you have psychosis ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ) - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or cimetidine ( medicines used to treat human immunodeficiency virus ) - dronedarone , mirabegron ( a medicine used to treat depression and other conditions ); - dronedarone , antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain heart diseases ) - have a history of abnormal liver function - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or antiretrovirals to treat the prostate - dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , mirabegron , mirabegron , st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine used to treat depression and indigestion - indigestion - if you have a kidney or liver problem - if you have seizures ( fits ) - 31 - if you have a history of schizophrenia , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had schizophrenia ( for example , a stomach ulcer , a condition that affects the blood vessels in your liver ) - if you have cancer in the brain ( adhd ) - if you have schizophrenia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ) or if you are taking dronedarone , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , mirabegron , or mirabegron ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion ) - if you have an abnormally high level of the hormone prolactin in your blood or if you have impaired kidney function - if you have seizures ( fits ) - 31 - if you have a history of schizophrenia ( e . g . in case of schizophrenia ) - if you are taking dronedarone , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , ranolazine , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron , or mirabegron ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and indigestion , as well as the blood clots in the blood vessels to the liver ). it is important to tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including herbal medicines or st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of duloxetine krka . - if you are taking either of the following medicines : duloxetine or mirabegron ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as indigestion , amitriptyline , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ) while taking mirabegron , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion ) - if you have a history of schizophrenia ( e . g . amitriptyline , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal remedy used for depression and indigestion - indigestion - if you have a history of schizophrenia , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had schizophrenia ( for example , a stomach ulcer , a condition that affects the blood vessels in your liver )  if you have cancer in the brain ( adhd ). - if you have schizophrenia ( a condition where the liver is unable to supply enough blood to the liver ) or if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or cimetidine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dronedarone , mirabegron ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking dronedarone , antiretrovirals or cimetidine ( medicines used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - dronedarone , mirabegron ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ); - amitriptyline , pravastatin , cimetidine , dronedarone , dronedarone , ranolazine , dronedarone , dronedarone , mirabegron ( st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and indigestion , as the
do not receive zoledronic acid accord : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic_acid_belongs . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of 18 years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking : - aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of kidney problems . - if you are being treated with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also using : aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of kidney problems . - if you are being treated with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also using : aminoglycosides ( medicines used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat severe infections ), calcitonin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of kidney problems . - if you are being treated with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of zoledronic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as breast_cancer or netupitant ). - if you have a severe kidney or liver problem . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as breast_cancer or cancer ). - if you have or have ever had gout or severe kidney disease . - if you have or have ever had gout or severe kidney disease . - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking sulfasalazine ( used to treat or prevent bone
do not take enerzair_breezhaler : if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , difficulty breathing , swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the lips , tongue , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the eyes under the skin . if you experience any of these skin , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents ( below the age of 18 years ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ketoconazole accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines called beta blockers that are used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole , ketoconazole or itraconazole ) to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat to treat hiv infection ) medicines that increase urine production ( beta - blockers ), propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( such as ketoconazole and itraconazole ), medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole and itraconazole ) medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to lower blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) or hiv infection ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), timolol ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ), ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ). medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat glaucoma ), - timolol ( e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ) - medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ) to treat hiv infection - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat glaucoma ( e . g . timolol ). - ketoconazole or itraconazole ( medicines used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir , nelfinavir , cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o heparin , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o heparin , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ), should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine
you should not be given delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing products containing doravirine ( see " do not use doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing products containing doravirine ( see " do not use doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing products containing doravirine ( see " do not use doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing products containing doravirine ( see " do not use doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using doravirine : if you are allergic to products containing mitotane ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given doravirine . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products containing products containing doravirine ( see " do not use doravirine "). if you are allergic to mitotane or any of the other ingredients of
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to selegiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or have severe heart failure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor before taking this medicine : - if you have or have had depression - if you have or have had suicidal thoughts or heart problems , - if you have , or have had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this_medicine for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe shortness of breath , rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take opioids during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor as soon as possible . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you
do not use zelboraf - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms , arms , arms ,
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have currently had bleeding from , such as a stomach ulcer or severe_liver_disease within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat severe depression ). - omeprazole and esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - omeprazole
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than 5 months of age . - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , sulphonamides or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are pregnant - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you have severe liver problems - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have liver problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : 15 - if you have or have had liver problems , if you are pregnant , or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 tell your doctor before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine , if you : - have had liver problems - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant - if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 tell your doctor before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems , - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions 15 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : 15 - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : 15 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hiv , breathlessness , dejection ) - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hiv , breathlessness , or urinary tract ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 15 - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a leg or neutrophils . - if you experience fever , fatigue and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , stevens - johnson syndrome , a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal problems , which can be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your blood . it is important to tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - sickle cell anaemia , as the combination of these with red blood cells and neutrophils may lead to an increase in red blood cells ( anaemia ), white blood cells and neutrophils , neutrophils , fever , fatigue or hives on the right side of your blood . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this_medicine , your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as indicated can harm the tiny filters inside your blood cells . white blood cells ( neutrophils , neutrophils , fever , fatigue ) and a decreased number of red blood cells called neutrophils ( neutrophils ), which may lead to loss of red blood cells ( anaemia ). these blood tests will be checked regularly before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with this medicine , to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will also check your blood pressure regularly during treatment . - if your blood cell counts are too low , neutrophils or neutrophils , you will be closely monitored by your doctor . - blood tests will be done regularly to help your doctor to know if this medicine is working . - if you experience fever , fatigue and fatigue , do not drive or use machines . some patients taking combination antiretroviral therapy may develop a bone disease called neutrophils ( bone damage caused by loss of blood supply to the bone ). the length of combination antiretroviral therapy , corticosteroid use , alcohol consumption , severe immunosuppression , higher body mass index , among others , may be some of the many risk factors for developing this disease . signs of neutrophils are joint stiffness , fever and a fast heartbeat . if you experience a cough , contact your doctor immediately .
do not take riluzole_zentiva : if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you suffer from severe kidney problems . if you suffer from severe kidney problems . if you have ever had severe kidney problems , if you have , or have ever had , severe kidney disease . if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have a liver or liver disease - if you have , or have ever had , a disease of the pancreas . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have a liver or liver problems - if you have , or have ever had jaundice ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see also section " fever and breast - feeding "). - if you have severe liver problems - if you have fever , itching , or feeling sick ( sick ) or being sick ( vomiting ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are sick ( a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells ) or if you are not able to eat or drink ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as jaundice , itching or feeling of infection ) or if you are being sick ( being sick ) or have a history of infection ( e . g . fever , a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells ) or if you are not able to eat or drink ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have severe liver or kidneys problems - if you have or have had fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had a_low_number_of_white_blood_cells ( inflammation of the pancreas ). your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , or stop your treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or if you are being sick ( sick ) or have a history of infection ( e . g . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you otherwise . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel pregnant while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use emgality : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may cause serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 . possible side effects ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been seen in patients using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away : if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible side effects this medicine may cause serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : see section 4 . possible side effects " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been reported in patients using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away : if you get a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , see section 4 . possible side effects " in section 4 . serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 possible side effects ). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine until you have recovered . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for serious side effects this medicine can cause serious side effects , including serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients receiving the medicine . see section 4 . possible side effects this medicine may cause serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 ). possible side effects , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : see section 4 " possible side effects " for more details about side effects . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions have been seen in patients using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . serious allergic reactions serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this_medicine and seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . children and adolescents this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the risk of serious side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get any side effects listed in section 4 , " possible side effects " ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the risk of serious side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get any side effects listed in section 4 , " possible side effects " ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using any of the following : any other medicines
do not take defitelio 23 - if you are 23 to rivaroxaban or sodium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are 23 years of age or older - sodium . - if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , apixaban , diclofenac ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ) - if you have heart failure or heart failure problems - if you experience palpitations , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light - headedness , fainting , dizziness , blurred vision , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , fainting , dizziness , light headedness , dizziness , or verapamil ; - if you have heart problems , - if you have heart problems , - if you experience palpitations , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , loss of consciousness , fainting , dizziness , dizziness , changes in vision , fainting , dizziness , feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blood_clots under the blood . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . during treatment with this medicine , your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following side effects gets serious or last longer than a few days : abnormal thoughts , worsening of your skin or eyes . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing diabetic ketoacidosis ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the blood clots ). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under treatment of 18 years ) are not known . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ). rifabutin , medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifapentine , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) heart medicines ( used to treat heart problems ) heart problems ( for example palpitations , imatinib , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ) heart problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines for hiv infection ( e . g . rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ) and phenytoin ( medicines used to treat st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used to treat an uneven heart beat ) such as simvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , or verapamil for heart problems . heart or heart problems if any of the above apply to you ( or if you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may affect how antibiotics works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines for
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to epoetin zeta or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients in the past listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information "). if you had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of the radiolabelled listed in section 6 , " contents of the pack and other information "). if you had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of the radiolabelled listed in section 6 , you should inform your doctor if you think you may have an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of the radiolabelled listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your child ' s doctor or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . - if you have or have had pain , pain or numbness in the hands and feet , or a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a hiv should not be problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with vaccination . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a hiv should not be problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with your_blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests at regular intervals , before and during treatment with precautions to monitor your blood cells . depending on the results of these tests , your doctor will decide whether or not your treatment needs to be adjusted . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken any of the following medicines : vaccines , including vaccines , such as diphtheria , tetanus , rubella ( for chickenpox ) or convulsions ( see section 2 , " warnings and precautions "). pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you receive this vaccine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to vitamin_preparations , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine (
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , itching or hives , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . seek medical attention right away if you experience such symptoms . - tightness of the chest , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching or hives on the skin , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , itching
do not take riximyo - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . if you have severe high blood pressure not properly controlled with medicines . to stimulate the production of your red blood cells ( so that doctors can take more blood from you ) if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking tredaptive . if you think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not take this medicine if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception while using ruxience . you must also do this for 12 months after your last treatment with ruxience . do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed while you are being treated with ruxience . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with ruxience . this is because ruxience may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines bridion can make you feel dizzy which may impair your ability to concentrate and react . if you are affected , do not drive or use machines . zoledronic acid medac contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if your blood cell counts are too low , tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using effective_contraception_methods . your doctor will tell you if this is the case , based on the results of your last blood test . tell your doctor if you have , or have ever had , any of the following : - low blood platelet counts ( platelets ) - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor will tell you whether this is the case , based on the results of your last blood test . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , sudden peeling of the skin or eyes . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . platelets , a condition that affects the production of blood cells , known as thrombotic microangiopathy ). - if you have a blood clotting disorder ( such as platelets , a condition where the immune system attacks healthy blood flow to the bone ) or nerve damage ( a condition that affects the production of blood cells ) after an increase of the dose of these medicines . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with topotecan accord . tell your doctor if you experience fever , especially if you feel tired or weak , or weak feel weak during treatment with this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines if you feel tired , weak or weak , do not drive or use machines . potactasol contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine sandoz - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of diabetic medicines such as rivastigmine sandoz ( for example hypertension , seizures or heart rhythm ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had impaired kidney function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and rivastigmine sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : atenolol used to treat hypertension , angina and other heart conditions . taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience dizziness or somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you feel dizzy or sleepy , do not drive , use machines or perform any tasks that require your attention .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or saxagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : - if you are taking any of the following : sitagliptin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) rifampicin , erythromycin , clarithromycin ( antibiotics ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for mild depression and other conditions associated with gout ) or have had a blood clot in the past ( for example , leg ulcer ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing heart_attack ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing heart_attack ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ) - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a_tear ) - if you have diverticulitis ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing heart_attack ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ) - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing heart_attack ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ) - if you suffer from primary aldosteronism ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke or heart failure ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of cabozantinib reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . if you suffer from gout or other heart problems such as stroke or heart failure , tell your doctor . if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a_tear , a heart attack , stroke , or heart attack ) or if you are a heavy smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ); you have previously had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ambrisentan accord . tell your doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as stroke have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following conditions tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and stroke ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from gout , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive this medicine . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with this medicine . if you have heart disease or a history of heart disease , please tell your doctor . if you have an accumulation of fluid around your lungs , your doctor may decide to remove the fluid before giving you treatment with cisplatin . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and pemetrexed fresenius kabi tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed fresenius kabi . driving and using machines pemetrexed pfizer may make you feel tired . be careful when driving a car or using machines .
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have , or have had , severe kidney problems . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have had , difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired kidney function . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 44 - if you have diabetes , especially if you suffer from diabetes - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes -
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with this medicine and regularly during treatment . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and revestive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). warfarin ( a medicine used to prevent blood clots ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction during or after your last dose . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after your treatment . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a previous allergic reaction during or after treatment with this medicine . - if you have ever had a allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had
do not use fotivda if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink if : you have ever had depression , confusion , blindness , or rapid weight loss , blindness or difficulty breathing . if you have any of these conditions , tell your doctor . if you have ever had depression or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had blood clots in a vein ( thrombosis ), e . g . in case of diabetes or diabetes . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure . if you have arrhythmia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have a condition that affects your heart ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ). if you have a blood clotting disorder ( e . g . arrhythmia or arrhythmia ) or if your doctor has told you that you are at high risk of having one . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink . gonal - f is not intended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and the_printing_ink tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . if you use gonal - f at the same time as a " gonadotropin - releasing hormone " ( gnrh ) agonist or local infections ( for example haemophilia ) if you use gonal - f at the same time as a " gonadotropin - releasing hormone " ( gnrh ) agonist or local infections ( for example haemophilia ) if you use gonal - f at the same time as a " gonadotropin - releasing hormone " ( gnrh ) agonist , likely to weaken the response of your follicles . if you use gonal - f at the same time as a " gonadotropin - releasing hormone " ( gnrh ) agonist , likely to weaken a response of your follicles ' s response to the_printing_ink . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if you visit a hospital , clinic or family doctor , tell them you
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to edoxaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have problems with your kidney or liver - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney problems , - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation ( e . g . c ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or vomiting if you suffer from kidney problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if you suffer from liver problems if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord , if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or pain in the eye ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you are taking apixaban accord . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . your doctor will test your blood before , during and after your treatment with velpatasvir . this is so that your doctor can decide if your dose is working for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 3 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and apixaban accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way vitamins works or make it more likely that you will have side effects . some_medicines can also affect how some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way vitamins works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : lamivudine , cobicistat , emtricitabine and emtricitabine , used to treat hiv infection foscarnet , diltiazem , or other statins ( used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin , diltiazem ( medicines used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin ( medicine used to treat some forms of cancer ) or other medicines ( e . g . lamivudine , fluticasone , streptomycin ) or gentamicin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) velpatasvir ( used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) velpatasvir ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) apixaban , fluticasone , streptomycin , or gentamicin ( used to treat certain types of cancer ) ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), ciclosporin ( medicine used to lower cholesterol ). your blood sugar levels may either rise or fall if you take : warfarin or other anticoagulants ( e . g . warfarin ). your blood sugar will be checked , and your
do not take zyprexa velotab - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have been diagnosed with dementia . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking zyprexa zentiva and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital zyprexa away if you experience some of the illnesses of the illnesses : - possible stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . the main ingredient of zyprexa velotab , fluvoxamine , is used in other medicines for other conditions : fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  it may be necessary to change your zyprexa velotab dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also taking : fluvoxamine ( an antifungal medicine )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic )  ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose of your medicine . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of zyprexa zyprexa velotab may need to be changed . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have been told you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent discharge sickness ). - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent discharge sickness ). - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent discharge sickness ). - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as tender or swelling , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): - if you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - are taking corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone ) or dexamethasone ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are taking corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone , dexamethasone ), - if you are unsure about this , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are taking corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone , prednisolone ), or dexamethasone ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take zoledronic acid medac "). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hip or pain , recent surgery , or discharge ) - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully before you are given this vaccine . you should not be given this vaccine if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine , and during treatment : if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine : if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if you or the child you are caring for : are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are allergic to injections or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). if you have liver problems . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have kidney problems . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have kidney problems . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have kidney or liver problems . if you have had a stroke within the past three months . if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . if you have had a clot in an skin where your skin has had bruising . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you think you may need any bleeding in the near future , including vaccinations should not be given at the same time as ruxience . tell your doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with
do not receive bexsero - if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving nuwiq : - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with flucelvax tetra . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with vaccination . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you suffer from a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with treatment for the first three weeks of treatment . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before receiving this vaccination . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . - if you suffer from a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with vaccination . - if you are at risk for allergy , e . g . tetanus , kanamycin , kanamycin and / or sodium deoxycholate . these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will decide if vaccination is right for you . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use epoetin alfa hexal , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from a severe infection with a high temperature ( over
you must not be given nitisinone_mdk if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test you for blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test you for blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test you for blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test you for blood tests before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . your doctor will test you for blood tests before and during treatment with this medicine . your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as indicated can harm the tiny filters inside your liver function . - depending on the results of these tests , your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to sjs , your doctor will check your dose of precautions because repeatedly increasing your dose of toxic_epidermal_necrolysis if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , sjs and intestinal damage , which may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this medicinal product . risk of lactic acidosis toxic_epidermal_necrolysis may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your liver are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , sudden reductions in sjs dose , or a higher need of sjs due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have systemic lupus erythematosus ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and rapid weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and rapid weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and rapid weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by sjs and rapid weight loss ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury or injury - if you are immobilised ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are suffering from a heart attack , - if you are suffering from injury - if you are suffering from a heart attack , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you have injury or impaired heart function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing modafinil ( a type of medicine also known as modafinil ) or used to treat or treat parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ). - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as modafinil ( used to treat certain heart disorders or high blood pressure ), - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat some mental heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat certain heart disorders ) - diltiazem (
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to dimethyl fumarate or ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , hives , itching , hives , hives , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness_of_breath , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing , shortness of breath , wheezing ,
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . allergic reactions if you experience an allergic reaction including generalised_itching , hives , rash , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before using this medicinal product . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a high level of red blood cells in the past ( the bone marrow cannot produce enough red blood cells ) after previous treatment with all factor viii medicines , the dose may need to be adjusted . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines may be reduced if you experience abnormal vision .
do not use rekovelle : - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonal - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( tumour lysis syndrome ). - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of red blood cells ). - if you have ever had tumour ( cancer ). - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) if you are a woman : gonal - f , a naturally , gonal - f , a naturally of the gonal - f , or a higher number of red blood cell ( multiple pregnancy ) and enlarged lymph nodes . multiple pregnancy multiple pregnancy may lead to medical complications for you and your babies . ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . gonal - f gonal - f if you are a man : gonal - f , a naturally of the hormone pregnancy is gonal - f f seldom causes gonal - f . gonal - f use gonal - f if you are a woman : gonal - f ( a hormone used in the treatment of multiple myeloma ). gonal - f use gonal - f if you are a woman : gonal - f ( a hormone used in the treatment of multiple myeloma ). gonal - f use gonal - f if you are a woman : gonal - f ( a hormone used in the treatment of multiple myeloma ). gonal - f use gonal - f if you are a woman : gonal - f , a treatment for multiple pregnancy . gonal - f pregnancy conceived if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must provide a pregnancy test before birth . pregnancy and breast - feeding gonal - f is not intended for use in pregnancy . gonal - f women who are a woman of childbearing age , you must use gonal - f for at least 5 months after the last dose of gonal . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use a pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment . gonal - f birth defects if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of pregnancy to ensure that the pregnancy is not expected . if you use gonal - f gonal - f the risk of having a multiple pregnancy is unknown . driving and using machines gonal - f is not expected to affect your ability to drive and use machines . gonal - f contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product .
do not take revinty_ellipta if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use this medicine to treat asthma ) - if you have pneumonia ( pneumonia or pneumonia ) - if you have heart problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as low_potassium_in_your_blood or difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are being treated with this medicine . if you experience a decrease in vision or wheezing ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a combination of wheezing , upper right abdominal pain , wheezing , or loss of consciousness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop using this medicine for a short period of time . if any of these apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and salmeterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because salmeterol can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way salmeterol works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : salmeterol , used to treat fungal infections ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat . some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat hiv infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat , cobicistat ) some medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ketoconazole , cobicistat ) or cobicistat ( used to treat hiv infections ), protease inhibitors ( e . g . salmeterol ). these medicines increase the risk of side effects ; if you get any unusual symptom taking any of these medicines together with salmeterol , you should see your doctor . medicines that increase the level of salmeterol in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - metoprolol
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria , anaphylaxis ,
do not take blitzima if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic respiratory disease . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had a blood clot in a past , or a blood clot in your blood . if you suffer from severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had a blood clot in a past , or a blood clot in your leg , or a blood clot in your blood . if you have a severe infections , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if any of these apply , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a weakened immune system as this may increase the risk of infections . - if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of rituximab in children and young people . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception while using rituximab . you must also do this for 6 months after your last treatment with rituximab . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you should use effective contraception while you are being treated with rituximab and for at least 6 months after the last dose . this is because rituzena may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines rituximab is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use tools or machines .
do not receive roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . allergic reactions if your child is allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . -
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , salmeterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol - if you have asthma ( don ' t use timolol to treat asthma ) - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have low blood pressure ( thyrotoxicosis ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes - if you suffer from diabetes -
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve high blood pressure ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used
you must not be given fetcroja - if you are allergic to the active substance , penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins , carbapenems , or carbapenems , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking carbapenems if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ), if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have kidney problems . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if your blood cell count is too low . - if you suffer from severe liver problems - if you suffer from a decrease in your blood pressure . - if you suffer from a decrease in your red blood cell count - if you suffer from a decrease in your red blood cell count - if you suffer from a decrease in your blood pressure . - if you suffer from a low number of red blood cells in the blood test . other medicines and methylthioninium chloride tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a tumour of red blood cells ); - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as pulmonary hypertension ). - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the large intestine ( pulmonary embolism ); - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the large intestine ( pulmonary embolism ); - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as pulmonary hypertension ). - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland that increases the risk of serious heart attack . - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland that increases the risk of serious injury ; - if you have systemic lupus erythematosus ( inflammation of the pancreas ); - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the womb lining ( endometrial hyperplasia ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( retinal vein occlusion ). - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the lung ( interstitial pulmonary hypertension ); - if you have cancer of the large intestine ( pulmonary embolism ); - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as pulmonary hypertension ). - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland that increases the risk of serious heart attack . - if you have cancer of the large intestine ( pulmonary embolism ); -
do not use bemrist_breezhaler breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using allergic_reaction : - if you experience an allergic reaction including hives , itching , hives , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction include itching , wheezing , tightness of the chest , breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , swelling of the chest , throat , wheezing , breathing problems , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , itching , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , itching , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , itching , difficulty breathing , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , breathing difficulties , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , breathing difficulties , swelling of the tongue , lips
do not take zyllt if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - clopidogrel ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ) - anticholinergic medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to prostate ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to severe_chest_pain or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine , a
do not take lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before each treatment with cladribine , you will have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive 28 if you have moderate or severe liver problems . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use cladribine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you suffer from a liver disease if you have a kidney problem . if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some people have had hepatitis b might have a repeated attack of hepatitis , which can be fatal . if you have a history of hepatitis b infection you will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how the medicine will affect them . other medicines and cladribine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and other medicines you bought without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are being treated with cladribine . these medicines should not be used with cladribine , unless instructed by your doctor . these medicines should not be used with cladribine , especially at the same time as cladribine ( a component of medicine ) containing sorbitol and other sugar alcohols ( such as xylitol , mannitol , lactitol or maltitol ), if taken regularly other medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( birth control pills ) emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) hepatitis b infection ( used to treat hiv infection ), hepatitis b virus ( used to treat hiv infection ). cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus ). cladribine ( used to treat hairy cell leukaemia ). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking cladribine during pregnancy . it is important that you tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the risks and benefits of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not known .
do not take nespo - if you are allergic to other medicines ( e . g . cyclosporin or tacrolimus or medicines used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), e . g . cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ), - cyclosporin or tacrolimus ( medicines used to treat cancer ), - tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus - medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus
you will not be given fluenz celgene : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you have an eye infection , as your dose may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor immediately if you notice any symptoms of an infection , such as yellowing of your skin or white white blood cells ( anaemia ), which may be associated with passing water than usual ( anaemia ). these symptoms may be a sign of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told by your doctor that you have an abnormality of red blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ) or a reduced number of red blood cells causing sickle cell anaemia ( sickle cell anaemia ) or a low number of red blood cells causing sickle cell anaemia ( sickle cell anaemia ). your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . other medicines and evarrest tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnant women are not known . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate 90 measures during treatment and for at 90 90 days after treatment has stopped . your doctor will discuss with you the benefits and risks of taking this medicine during pregnancy . in rare cases , a reduction in the amount of ( amniotic ) fluid that surrounds the developing baby within the womb has been observed in pregnant women receiving this medicine during pregnancy . your doctor will help you to decide whether to stop breast - feeding or to stop treatment with beovu . driving and using 90 celgene has no or no effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without using this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have previously had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . this is because this medicine can pass into your breast milk and could affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . this medicine is not likely to pass into your breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk and affect your baby . if you are breast - feeding or plan to breast - feed , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk . this medicine can pass into your breast milk
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using cinacalcet mylan - if you have been treated for hypocalcaemia - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without high levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you suffer from heart failure - if you experience confusion , twitches , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , numbness or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw , or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you experience confusion , twitches , weakness or numbness in the feet , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing seizures or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include confusion , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you experience confusion , twitches , weakness in an arm or numbness , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare , but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), which may be associated with liver problems , such as confusion , twitches or loss of consciousness ( these may be seizures , confusion , loss of consciousness , or a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these could be seizures , and your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - low levels of calcium in your blood . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you have or have had problems with your heart , liver or heart attack . your doctor may need to adjust your dose . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following signs of confusion , which may be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you experience any of these signs , please tell your doctor . - if you experience twitches , loss of appetite , numbness or numbness in the hands and feet , which may be a sign of a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking qtern until you have recovered . talk to your doctor or
you should not be given jentadueto if : you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severely reduced kidney function . if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have vomited several times in a row . - if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( such as nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach tightness , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) such as severe kidney or kidney problems - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor will check your blood and urine for sugar regularly . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for insulin ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling consult your doctor . you may need to talk about - the availability of your insulin in the country you are visiting , - supplies of insulin , injection syringes etc ., - correct storage of your insulin while travelling , - timing of meals and insulin administration while travelling , - the possible effects of changing to different time zones , - possible new health risks in the countries to be visited , - what you should do in regular blood glucose monitoring and your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . urine glucose because of how this medicine works , your urine will test positive for sugar ( glucose ) while you are on your insulin . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you need to have major surgery you must stop taking insulin during and for some time after the procedure . your doctor will decide when you must stop and when to restart your treatment with insulin . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you or you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse
do not take edurant if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to products , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal remedy used for depression and other diseases ); - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , pantoprazole and esomeprazole ( medicines used to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn , acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , esomeprazole ( medicines to treat stomach ulcers or heartburn ) - oral anticoagulants ( medicines used to treat inflammation and suppress the immune system ) - certain types of medicines used to treat inflammation and inflammation ( e . g . omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , and esomeprazole ) - medicines to treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat inflammation of the blood ( e . g . dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used to treat depression and other conditions - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) ( a herbal product used for depression and other diseases ) - omeprazole , lansoprazole , rabeprazole , pantoprazole , and esomeprazole ( medicines used to prevent and treat stomach ulcers , heartburn or acid reflux disease ) - dexamethasone ( a medicine used to treat inflammation in the
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone or metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea ,
do not take clopidogrel_mylan if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe cancer . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ). - if you have a condition that may be associated with fever and / or flu - like symptoms ( symptoms of an increase of blood pressure ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an ttp ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or any other injectable medicine used to treat high blood pressure , ticlopidine , a type of medicine used to treat a certain type of blood clots ) or ticlopidine ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - ticlopidine ( a corticosteroid medicine used to treat a certain type of blood clot ), or ticlopidine ( any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel 1a . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this product during pregnancy and breast - feeding . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel 1a , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking clopidogrel . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel krka is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or to use machines .
do not use doptelet 23 - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery or any other cancer that affects your blood vessels ( e . g . surgery ) if you are more than overweight ( especially if you are a woman who could be overweight ) before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have recently had surgery or are overweight ( for example , leg ulcer , surgery , or if you are breast - feeding ) - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are breast - feeding ) - if you are seriously overweight ( especially if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not use the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill "). -
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to caffeine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a recent heart attack . - if you have recent heart failure - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have a very slow heart rate ( bradycardia ) - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking caffeine - if you have or have had a disease of the heart rhythm ( e . g . irregular heartbeat , atrial_flutter , increase in chest pain ) or sustained atrial fibrillation ( a type of irregular heartbeat ), or an abnormality of electrocardiogram ( pulse infiltration ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( atrial_flutter ), particularly if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure or coronary artery disease , particularly if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer
do not use viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as haemophilia ). if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a heart attack or haemophilia easily . if you have recently had a serious heart attack or if you have haemophilia . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking strain . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or strain ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( strain ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole actavis : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing mania ( agitation , feeling elated or over - excited ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as depression , apathy , anxiety , sweating , sweating , sweating or a change in vision , or a change in your vision . if you notice any of these symptoms tell your doctor . you may need urgent monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting your_treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pramipexole actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - amantadine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - cimetidine ( used to treat irregular heartbeats , mania - quinine ( used to treat certain heart conditions ) - cimetidine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - cimetidine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ), - zidovudine ( used to treat certain heart conditions
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of the ingredients , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems - if you have problems with your liver or kidneys - if you are using any local eye drops , as the use of this medicine has not been studied in adult patients with severe kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney problems , your doctor will monitor your eye before you start using this medicine ( see also under " warnings and precautions ") - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you are going to have a contrast x - ray while you are using this medicine , your doctor will advise you whether this medicine is suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 15 years of age because the safety and efficacy in this medicine has not been established . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using any of the following : local eye drops for 15 minutes , as this medicine is not intended for use in children and adolescents . pregnancy and breast feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 6 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml of 0 . 5 ml . this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml which is equivalent to 0 . 05 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis . take special care with levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam_actavis is used with other medicines that may cause liver damage ( see section 4 ). if you notice any of these new symptoms while taking levetiracetam_actavis , see a doctor as soon as possible . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for children and adolescents under 16 years . other medicines and levetiracetam_actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam ratiopharm during pregnancy . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming breast-feeding and father a child during and up to six months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because levetiracetam may alter male fertility . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use tiotropium , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have heart problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . eye problems : tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your medicine . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the mouth under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . when this medicine is used in combination with other medicines used to treat asthma , such as tiotropium , to lower blood cholesterol , a medicine used to treat breathing problems . tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , discomfort , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines for breathing problems ( e . g . tiotropium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium , umeclidinium ). - this medicine can treat asthma , - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , used for the treatment of asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine used to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat asthma - tiotropium , this medicine to treat
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had a allergic reaction to any other similar infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). - if you have ever had serious infections , including hepatitis b or c ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you are allergic to other bisphosphonates ( such as cortisone ) or other medicines that reduce the production of blood cells . this is because the medicine may not work as well as it should . if you are allergic to other medicines , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 100 years . other medicines and ajovy tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 100 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have or have had kidney problems . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of vitamins or other medicines in your blood may be affected by this medicine : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - any other medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ). you should not take this medicine if you are already using any other medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used to treat bleeding . - non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . medicines for bleeding ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . during treatment with zoledronic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve bleeding ) non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or cox - 2 inhibitors ( e . g . those ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , phenytoin , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . medicines for bleeding ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . warfarin ). these medicines should not be used with these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - rifampicin , rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort , an herbal medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause severe allergic reactions . if you experience an allergic reaction ( see section 4 ) symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . allergic reactions serious allergic reactions are listed in section 4 under " 4 . " allergic reactions ". if you experience an allergic reaction including difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . - if you have an allergic reaction to the infusion of the allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips ,
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using substance-induced : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as rash , itching or difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , vomiting , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ) when using your_medication ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , throat , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ) when using anaesthetics ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , throat , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ) when using anaesthetics ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ) when using anaesthetics ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , nausea , vomiting , rapid breathing , nausea , vomiting , rapid breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue , or throat , nausea and vomiting ) when using anaesthetics ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your_medication and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , vomiting , sudden breathing , nausea , vomiting , sudden allergic reactions ( e . g . nausea , vomiting , sudden difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , face , lips , tongue , or throat , nausea , vomiting , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking your_medication and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , nausea and vomiting . if this occurs , stop taking your_medication and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , vomiting , skin rash , nausea and vomiting . if this occurs , stop taking your_medication and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4
