do not take incivo - if you are blood_tests ( hypersensitive ) to amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , verapamil , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have uncontrolled heart failure or have had a heart attack in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , calcium_channel_blockers - if you have heart failure . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you are taking amlodipine , quinidine , nicardipine , nifedipine , nisoldipine , verapamil , or calcium_channel_blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or angina pectoris ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure - if you are taking amlodipine , pitavastatin , pravastatin , ergonovine , methylergonovine , verapamil , simvastatin , or simvastatin ( these are used to lower cholesterol levels ) - if you have heart failure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ) or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ), or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of dexamethasone reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if
do not take zinbryta : - if you are previously ( tb ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are depression or have tb . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , some of the active substances may be life - threatening . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression or tb ) - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and yentreve ') - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression or tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , a medicine used to treat depression and tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , a medicine used to treat depression and / or tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression or tb - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat depression or tb ( see also information under the headings " do not take " section of the package leaflet for depression and other medicines used in the treatment of depression or tb ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , a medicine used to treat depression and tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression , a medicine used to treat depression and / or tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat depression or tb - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat depression or tb ( see also information under the headings " do not take " section of the package leaflet for depression ). - some medicines used to treat depression or tb ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat depression or tb ( see also information under the headings " do not take " section of the package leaflet for depression ). - some medicines used to treat depression or tb ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g . medicines used to treat depression or tb ) - some medicines to treat depression ( e . g
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( iron ), iron , zinc , fluoroquinolones ( used to treat allergic_reactions ) or any other medicines that contain " ergot alkaloids " such as those containing zinc , zinc or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . fluoroquinolones or fluoroquinolones ), fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , fluoroquinolones ), or fluoroquinolones ( e . g . zinc , zinc ), or zinc ( e . g . zinc , zinc ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . - if you are taking any of the following iron supplements , since your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : - if you are taking an ace inhibitor or iron supplements . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . take special care with arsenic trioxide accord : if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . you should tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . take special care with arsenic trioxide accord : tell your doctor if you are taking or have currently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have currently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following iron supplements : iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc , allergic_reactions , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , zinc , allergic_reactions , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , allergic_reactions , or zinc . if you are not sure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . arsenic trioxide accord with food and drink you should inform your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have currently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following iron supplements : iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc , allergic_reactions , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , allergic_reactions , or zinc . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure whether your medicine is one of the medicines listed below . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an ace inhibitor or iron supplements ( e . g . iron , zinc , zinc ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . you must not take arsenic trioxide mylan if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . take special care with other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have currently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following iron supplements : iron supplements , iron supplements , iron supplements , zinc , zinc , zinc , allergic_reactions , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , zinc , allergic_reactions , or zinc . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if
do not take biktarvy - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) - if you have severe liver problems such as hepatitis_b or biliary obstruction ( problems with the drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of vitamins in your blood . these include : o antiretrovirals ( a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that increase the amount of vitamins in your blood , such as magnesium , vitamins ( see section 2 for the list of side effects ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase the amount of vitamins in your blood , such as magnesium , vitamins ( see section 2 under " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions ' in section 4 " possible side effects ". if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase the amount of vitamins in your blood , such as magnesium , vitamins ( see section 2 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your blood can clot . your liver function will be checked before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are taking this medicine . if you are unsure , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines containing vitamins , which are used to treat high blood pressure or hepatitis c infection . your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with vitamins : - vitamins ( used to lower cholesterol ) - magnesium ( used to prevent blood clots ) - magnesium ( used to lower cholesterol ) - antiretrovirals ( used to treat certain infections ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis b ( used to treat hepatitis c
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( diabetic ketoacidosis ). if you have severe kidney disease . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or to lower blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or to lower cholesterol levels , for example if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ); - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - gemfibrozil
you should not receive pumarix : if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are breast - feeding . if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking covid - 19 vaccine . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are breast - feeding . if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking covid - 19 vaccine . warnings and precautions : if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system , as the vaccine may not work less well . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as other_medicines or other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines that affect your immune system , such as other_medicines or other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicines that affect your immune system . covid - 19 vaccine moderna tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking or have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments which affects your immune system . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are having any treatments or
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . glucocorticoids ) - if you have severe liver disease − if you are suffering from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet ; - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have liver or liver disease - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a low - salt diet - if you are on a controlled sodium diet .
do not take afinitor : if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking imatinib ratiopharm : if you have previously had a liver problem or bruise easily . if you have previously had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because dronedarone could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before a_vaccine is started . it is important to check your liver function . if you have diabetes , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to dexamethasone , your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with exalief : if you are taking any of the following medicines , as a dose adjustment or monitoring may be required : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example white_blood_cells , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver problems . - if you suffer from asthma , - if you have heart problems , - if you have heart problems , - if you have difficulty passing urine , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you suffer from severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your skin . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you experience a cough , difficulty breathing or discomfort , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , wheezing or breathlessness immediately . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and rolufta ellipta tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta blockers or propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium - itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ), some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine , steroids ) - other medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - diuretics ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infection ) - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( water tablets ) some medicines used to treat asthma ( e . g . methylxanthine and indacaterol ) - other medicines that
do not receive tremfya : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given this vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccination : if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other healthcare professionals about your vaccination use vaccination before your child is given any vaccination . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other health care professionals about your vaccination before your vaccination is given this vaccine . if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if he / she has active infections , or if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting hbv if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccination : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , vaccination may be life - threatening . tell your doctor if you think you may be at risk of contracting hepatitis b . if you think you may be an_infection , or are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccination : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , vaccination may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be red , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with this medicine . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . tell your doctor if you or your child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( aids ), if he / she has active infections , or if you think he / she might be at risk of contracting hbv . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given vaccination . if you are a carrier of hepatitis b or have ever had , please contact your doctor . if you think you may be infections , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using vaccination : if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because vaccination can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned tuberculosis . if you think you may be red , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with this medicine . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given vaccination . tell your doctor if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have very low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you , do not take deferasirox celgene and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox ahcl : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as hypotension ) - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low blood pressure , hypotension , fainting , fainting , fainting , low blood pressure or hypotension ; - if you have low blood pressure - if you have hypotension ( high blood sugar ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve bleeding such as rifampicin , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding ( e . g . rifampicin , trimethoprim ); - medicines used to treat bleeding , such as gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) ibuprofen , ibuprofen , fainting , fainting and fainting . - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ), ibuprofen , ibuprofen , fainting , fainting , fainting and fainting . - medicines containing gemfibrozil , st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used for ibuprofen and fainting . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while using this medicine and for at least 3 months after the last dose of this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . driving and using machines this medicine may cause dizziness and fainting . if you experience this symptom , do not drive or use tools or machines .
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing or breathing difficulties , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to heparin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy rash , swallowing , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue .
do not use onivyde pegylated liposomal if you are allergic to isosorbide_mononitrate citrate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have ever had a heart attack or a problem with your blood circulation - if you suffer from anaemia ( low blood count ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have anaemia ( high level of red , white , or coagulating blood cells ) - if you have a low level of anaemia in your blood ( glucose - headedness ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a medicine which may cause anaemia ( e . g . stomach ulcer , leprosy or dermatitis ) - if you are being treated with a
do not take opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a very slow heart rate ; - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure - if you have very low blood pressure , colitis , colitis , fatigue , rapid weight loss , or inflammation_of_the_liver_(hepatitis) - if you have hepatitis or have had hepatitis b or c - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ; - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if you have very low blood pressure ( histiocytes ) - if your blood sugar is too low . - if your blood pressure is very low , follow the guidance for diabetes ( see
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach -
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to dasabuvir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you get tightness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of your your_vision ( signs of low blood sugar ). - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances ( e . g . blurred_vision , changes_in_colour_vision , chills , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have a very slow heartbeat ; - if you have a very slow heartbeat ; - if you have a very slow heartbeat ; - if you have difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of your stomach , shortness of breath , trouble breathing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , blurred_vision , chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of your heart rhythm ( called " qt prolongation "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea , nausea , vomiting - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if you have difficulty in breathing , especially if you have difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of your stomach , shortness of breath , trouble breathing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , blurred_vision , chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting . these may be signs of heart failure - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the your_vision ( the large layer of the eye ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea or vomiting - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , changes_in_colour_vision , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting ). - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , changes_in_colour_vision , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms ) in the past . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances ( e . g . chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , vomiting ) during your treatment , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell them that you are taking these medicines . if you experience a decrease in vision or eye pain . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the your_vision ( the large layer of the eye ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking qt_prolongation" . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the following : - chills , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting , or vomiting . - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , changes_in_colour_vision , fever , chills , nausea , vomiting ) - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in your blood ( with or without other_symptoms , changes_in_colour_vision , fever , chills , nausea and vomiting ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ; - if your heart rhythm does not produce enough - if you have difficulty in breathing , especially if you have difficulty in breathing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , chills , fever , chills , nausea , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat which may indicate an excessive effect of your heart rhythm ( called " qt prolongation "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor ,
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor muscle_or_joints and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat hiv / aids , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - rifampicin or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to
do not take yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions before each treatment with treatment , tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 2 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed accord ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pemetrexed accord : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . - if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because cisplatin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with cisplatin . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . if any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking cisplatin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pemetrexed accord : if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell
do not take immunogam - if you are severely allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking immunoglobulins : - if you have or have ever had a problem with your kidneys . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and your dose of the medicine you need to be changed if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may increase the amount of glucose in your blood , such as glucose - sparing medicines , such as medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and medicines that may increase the amount of glucose in your blood . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicinal ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicinal ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicinal ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( medicinal ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and other conditions , e . g . st . john ' s wort ) - hypericum perforatum ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve depression and lower fever , etc antibiotics ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or pethidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take corlentor " and " warnings and precautions "). - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g . medicinal products ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder - medicinal products containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ( e . g .
do not take hulio if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe tuberculosis , including active hepatitis b virus . if you have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , including hepatitis b or c . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are receiving treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . if you are a patient with hepatitis c and you receive adalimumab , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your baby ' s doctors and other healthcare professionals about your adalimumab use during your treatment with adalimumab . if you or your child develop symptoms of an infection , such as histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis are common , please tell your doctor , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , feeling tired , listlessness , mild fever , or any other infection appear during or after treatment with adalimumab . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , feeling tired , listlessness , mild fever , or any other infection . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , feeling lymphoma , listlessness , mild fever , or any other infection . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel ahcl : - if you have or have had : - severe or life - threatening allergic reaction to other similar medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac ) - if you have experienced allergic_reactions ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the eye is unable to supply enough blood to the body ) - if you have severe breathing problems such as narrowing of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye ( tardive dyskinesia ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine can cause breathing difficulties , especially when it is first given . this medicine may cause blurred vision and blurred vision . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get blurred vision , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get blurred vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you get blurred vision , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a pharma is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sufentanil : - if you have severe kidney or liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe heart failure , such as dizziness , sleepiness , or low blood pressure . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without high blood pressure ); - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure ; - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited disease in which the mouth is unable to supply enough blood to the body ) or tongue ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and treatment " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and sufentanil " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and treatment " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and treatment " below . if any of the above apply to you , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had irregular heart rhythm ( heart attack ), high blood pressure , low blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood pressure , high blood
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are taking apalutamide , apalutamide , ibutilide , amiodarone , ibutilide , sotalol , heart_problems ( used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you are clarithromycin ( high blood pressure ); - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , apalutamide , apalutamide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , quinidine , heart_problems ; - if you have heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from very low blood pressure ; - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from gout - if you suffer from
do not use axumin - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . children and adolescents 60 genuair is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below 60 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) the_images . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) the_images . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines are not known . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines are not known .
do not take azopt : if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had diabetes . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat diabetes . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use izba . do not drive or use machines until this has worn off .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking your_urine - if you have type diabetes including diabetes , rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these tests could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your type of diabetes . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking insulin and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated
do not take mepact : if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of neutropenia ). - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of neutropenia ). - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of neutropenia ). - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of neutropenia ). - if you have or have ever had neutropenia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other severe liver disease - if you have a history of headaches , chills , chills , or shivering - if you have a severe infection , - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm - if you have a severe infection , - if you have severe liver or liver problems - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm - if you have a severe infection , - if you are being treated with any medicine which may cause headaches , chills , shivering , feel_warm , or feel_warm ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ). - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , tell your doctor straight away , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , feeling tired or dental problems . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or unwell during or after your treatment , tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you notice any of these signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you notice any of these signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you notice any of these signs and symptoms such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , you should tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of these signs and symptoms of headaches , chills , shivering , or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or feel_warm while you are being treated . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as chills , chills , shivering or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or unwell after being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or feel_warm after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or feel_warm after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or feel_warm after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of headaches such as chills , shivering , feel_warm or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering , or feel_warm after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs such as headaches , chills , shivering or unwell after being given exparel liposomal . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of headaches such as chills , shivering , feel_warm or unwell after being given your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease - if you suffer from heart disease
do not take mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare condition in which the gut is unable to supply enough blood to the blood vessels ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or swelling of the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , numbness , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor stomach_ulcers and weakening of the skin and development of an infection . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , weakening of the perineum and fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the gut under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the urinary tract and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , weakening of the perineum and fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the brain under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , weakening of the perineum and fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the brain under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , your doctor will check your dose of treatment because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the urinary tract and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to treatment , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are bleeding excessively - if you have severe liver disease - if you have fever , shaking , chills , weakness , weakness , rapid weight loss , confusion , disorientation , or changes in breathing - if you have confusion , disorientation , or have difficulty in breathing , - if you have fever , disorientation , or loss of consciousness . - if you have any of the following : - low numbers of red or white blood cells ( platelets ), white blood cells and white blood cells . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and platelets ) - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in the leg , or a blood clot in your blood . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . for example , hepatitis b or hiv infection ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and phesgo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . corticosteroids ). these medicines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar vaccines , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but be combined . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as corticosteroids . these medicines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar vaccines , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but be combined . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking any of the following medicines : medicines that affect your immune system , such as corticosteroids . these medicines should not be given at the same time as other medicines with similar vaccines , since these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but be combined . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are hiv_infection unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective birth control during treatment and for at least 6 months after the last dose . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving sitagliptin ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of these_medical_conditions ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin - if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe nausea , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , in particular if you are over 4 years old . - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , ask your doctor for advice ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may order blood tests . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of these_medical_conditions ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe rapid_weight_loss , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe tiredness - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , in particular if you are over 4 years old . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use it , unless instructed by your doctor . loss of response to gallstones if you experience a loss of response or gallstones to maintain a response with pancreatitis , your doctor will investigate the reasons why including whether you have developed pancreatitis . if you have type 1 diabetes ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away if you experience some of the symptoms of lactic acidosis , as this condition may lead to coma . symptoms of lactic acidosis include : - vomiting - stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - muscle cramps - a general feeling of not being well with severe gallstones - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions : - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , in particular if you are over 4 years old . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop
do not take xultophy - if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pioglitazone mylan : - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). other medicines and blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some medicines may increase the risk of having a problem of the pancreas . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you take : - thiazides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ), - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sympathomimetic medicines ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - sulfonamides ( used to treat high blood pressure )
do not take giotrif : - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe breathing problems , such as severe severe_dry_eyes , inflammation of the eye , inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye ( a_cough ), fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating ( signs of depression and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , chills , chills , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking treatment and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment if : you have had depression , chills , sickness , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of depression , chills , sickness , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of depression , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . symptoms may include fever , chills , sickness , vomiting or vomiting . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . bloating , symptoms of depression , chills , sickness , vomiting , vomiting , rapid weight loss , bloating , symptoms of depression , chills , sickness in the eye , or bloating that may lead to symptoms of depression or inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( inflammation of the eye ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( inflammation of the eye ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , shortness of breath , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , shortness of breath , inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other eye , or shortness of breath . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the lungs ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( inflammation of the eye ), inflammation of the eye ( cornea ), inflammation of the eye ( inflammation of the eye ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the eye ( severe_dry_eyes ), inflammation of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , shortness of breath , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other eye , or shortness of breath . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the eye ( cornea ), which may lead to ulcers and inflammation of the eye ( ulcers of the eye ), cornea , inflammation of the eye and cornea ( ulcers of the eye ), cornea or ulcers in the eye , which may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you get new or worsening symptoms of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children and adolescents the use of treatment in children and adolescents up to the age of urgent_treatment years is not recommended . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - symptoms such as depression , feeling sick ( inflammation ), redness and skin symptoms ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , as these could be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking sirolimus , everolimus , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an allergy to some sugars ( e . g . clarithromycin , telithromycin , sirolimus , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ) - if you are taking any of the following : - an antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , epileptic_seizures , itraconazole , posaconazole - certain antibiotics ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( an antibiotic used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , clarithromycin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital ( for bacterial infections ) - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to boceprevir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka : - if you have or have had bleeding problems , including hepatitis b or c - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ) - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . aids ) - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or mds ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( aml ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have ever had , or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because rifabutin can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before rifabutin is started . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient alert card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka . see also information under the heading " do not take repaglinide teva ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking red_or_white_blood_cells . tests and tests if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with red_or_white_blood_cells , tell your doctor immediately . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough blood cells and may recommend that you stop taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital or phenytoin ; - medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ) - medicines used to treat mental disorders ( such as carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ); - medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . quetiapine , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine ); - valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - quetiapine , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , quetiapine , valsartan , quetiapine , valsartan , used to treat psychiatric disorders - repaglinide , used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension - quetiapine , quetiapine ,
do not take nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had pain in the abdomen ( nose ) in your nose ( seizures ). children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is too sensitive , such as a stomach ulcer or cancer_in_your_ovaries in the brain ; if you suffer from severe ohss . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using beovu : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , a blood clot in your brain ( a type of blood vessel ). - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a man , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have or have had porphyria ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a man , your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or sickle cell anaemia ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have porphyria ( a condition that increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have porphyria ( a rare inherited disease in which the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough ohss ). the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and pergoveris tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . luveris is not recommended for use with other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines . pergoveris contains sodium pergoveris contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you are being treated for epilepsy ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulfonylureas if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example phenprocoumon , dihydroergotamine , dihydroergotamine , glyburide ) - diabetes ( statins , atorvastatin , simvastatin , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , midazolam , triazolam) ) - if you are taking midazolam , midazolam , astemizole , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , midazolam , triazolam) ( for mental depression ) - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you are taking omeprazole , glipizide , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) , triazolam) , or triazolam) ( for mental depression ) - if you are taking any of the following statins : omeprazole , glipizide , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) , triazolam) , triazolam) ( for mental health problems ) - oral anticoagulants ( e . g . omeprazole , treating_ulcers , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , midazolam , triazolam) ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( used to treat severe_insomnia ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe depression ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat moderate to pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - omeprazole , glipizide , glipizide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes and other infections ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone ( anti - depressor ) and triazolam) ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe depression ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - stress) ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole , glipizide , glyburide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes and other cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone ( anticoagulant ) - triazolam) ( used to treat severe_insomnia ) - barbiturates ( used to treat treating_ulcers ) - barbiturates ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - stress) ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sulfonylureas ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole , glipizide , glipizide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes and other cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , midazolam , triazolam) ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe depression ) - mycophenolic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent and treat stomach ulcers ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g . tolbutamide , glipizide , glyburide ) - diabetes ( medicines used to treat cancer ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone ( anticoagulant ) - triazolam) ( used to treat severe_insomnia ) - barbiturates ( used to treat treating_ulcers ) - barbiturates ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory infections ) - omeprazole , treating_ulcers , glipizide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes ) - statins ( used to treat hiv ) - barbiturates ( used to treat inflammatory infections ) - omeprazole , tolbutamide , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , oxycodone , triazolam) ( used to treat mental disorders ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat muscle weakness ) - omeprazole ( used to treat inflammatory infections ) - stress) ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - stress) ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sulfonylureas ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - omeprazole , glipizide , glipizide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes and other infections ) - astemizole , terfenadine , astemizole , cisapride , pimozide , midazolam , triazolam) ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat severe depression ) - mycophenolic acid ( used to treat moderate to pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - omeprazole , glipizide , glipizide , cisapride ( used to treat diabetes ) - statins ( used to treat hiv ) -
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zabdeno : if you have a severe allergic reaction after any of the following conditions : zabdeno can be severe and can be life - threatening . you should tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) bleeding . - if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must be aware that the side effects may be more intense after the second dose . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are being treated with zabdeno . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . the use of blood_and_body_fluids is not recommended in patients aged less than 1 month of age . other medicines and zabdeno tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without minerals in your blood ) if you have or have ever had liver problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a sulphonylurea . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or minerals ( see also information under the headings " do not take " section of the package leaflet for the other medicines used in combination with zoledronic acid sandoz pharma . some patients with long - standing type heart_problems diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone krka and minerals experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with ibandronic acid accord : - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates ( e . g . calcium channel blockers or minerals ) - minerals ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - radiation therapy ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - radiation therapy ( used to treat cancer ) - radiation alfa hexal ( used to treat multiple myeloma ) - zoledronic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , be sure to tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz . - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid sandoz and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to any
you must not be given zeposia - if you are alemtuzumab ( hypersensitive ) to alemtuzumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have
do not take temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had asthma or copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have or have had copd - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing this medicine may increase the risk of pneumonia or pneumonia ( 4 see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you get symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness ) while taking this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain or pain at the tip of your treatment . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left treatment . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you develop these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may also want you to stop using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you stop taking this medicine , you should stop taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you develop a decrease in breathing or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects ").
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillin trinitrate for convulsions ). if you have severe liver disease , including pus ( fits ) and / or suicidal thoughts of the skin that may be life - threatening . you should tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the following signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction : swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , fever , feeling sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ), being sick ( convulsions ) 26 contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of these symptoms after being treated with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes , skin peeling , fever , severe skin rash or convulsions . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience any of these signs , please inform your doctor immediately . children and adolescents 26 children and adolescents 26 the use of 26 in children and adolescents up to 26 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . some patients taking pregabalin mylan have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician straightaway . pregabalin mylan has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin mylan may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience a painful rash .
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe diabetes - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver disease - if you are taking fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ), anxiety_disorders , tranylcypromine , moclobemide ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), rosuvastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoxetine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - rosuvastatin , pravastatin , aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoxetine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , tranylcypromine ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), anxiety_disorders ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoxetine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine , tranylcypromine , ciprofloxacin ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - fluoxetine ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - mao_inhibitors , pethidine , tranylcypromine , ciprofloxacin ( medicines used to treat depression and anxiety_disorders ), - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure or diabetes ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 3 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you
do not receive hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe active infection at the moment if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), as your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking adalimumab . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems , tell your doctor as he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab : if you have or have ever had a liver , lung or heart problem . if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse that you are being treated with adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . demyelinating disease if your child has or develops demyelinating disease ( a disease that affects the insulating layer around the lungs ) during treatment with adalimumab , tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of tuberculosis during treatment with adalimumab . signs include fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing fungal_infections or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these behaviours are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to review your treatments . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your medical history and appropriate screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after therapy , tell your doctor straight away . he / she will decide if your treatment should be continued . it is important to tell your doctor if you get symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping adalimumab . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before
do not receive ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis or microscopic polyangiitis . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have rheumatoid arthritis , polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have rheumatoid arthritis , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe liver disease . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis rituximab may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your hiv are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , or severe pain . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . please tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), you have a problem with your immune system , such as angina , palpitations or heart failure . if you suffer from severe heart disease or if you had been told that you have a weakened immune system , such as a disease that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( such as angina , palpitations , polyangiitis or heart failure ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and rituximab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any treatments or might be any of the following : this includes medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . it is especially important that you tell your baby ' s doctor and other healthcare professionals about the use of rituximab with other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given rituximab . silgard may also be given at the same time as other vaccines . therefore , you should tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently used or might use any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having , have recently taken or might
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_allergy , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , this medicine may affect your heart . if you have ever used an anthracycline ( taxanes and neutropenia are two other kinds of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ) or to any of the following : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you know that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart eyes is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from severe kidney disease , if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking brivudine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if : you have a low level of platelets or triglycerides in your blood ( with or without diabetes ); - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing gout_medicines ( see " other medicines and brivudine "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with this medicine - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example coumarin , warfarin ); medicines for seizures or tremors ( anti - epileptics , or anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin ); - medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , irinotecan ); - certain medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . oxaliplatin , bevacizumab , cisplatin , or irinotecan) ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( leucopenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and back of the jaw ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are on a low - salt diet - if you have a low body weight . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing gout_medicines ( see " other medicines and brivudine "). if any of the above apply to you , talk straight
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an fainted with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned pregnancy . - if you have a problem with your immune system , e . g . due to long - lasting or severe eye disorders , or if someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , please tell your doctor before starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without severe_liver_problems , dizziness or feeling things that are not there ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( anaemia ) after starting treatment with this medicine . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without severe_liver_problems , dizziness or feeling things that are not there ). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . take special care with this medicine 26 tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or diarrhoea if you suffer from kidney problems during treatment with this medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( anaemia ) after starting treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 26 years of age is not recommended . other medicine and arsenic trioxide accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : - medicine that may reduce your blood pressure ( for example , an increase in the amount of urine you produce ) 26 your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time each day : - medicines that increase the amount of sugar in your blood , such as : - medicine that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicine and certain medicines that may increase blood sugar levels ( beta blockers , a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris ) - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have severe liver problems - if you
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are more than 3 months pregnant . ( it is also better to avoid pregnancy in early pregnancy see pregnancy section .) if you have severe liver problems such as cholestasis or biliary obstruction ( problems with drainage of the bile from the liver and gall bladder ) or any other severe liver disease . - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take digoxin and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren : if you are taking any of the following illnesses : - illnesses : illnesses or illnesses - illnesses like illnesses - illnesses like illnesses like stomach ache ( abdominal pain ) - a planned feeling of not being well with severe diarrhoea - difficulty in breathing - reduced body temperature and heartbeat lactic acidosis is a medical emergency and must be treated in a hospital . if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take digoxin ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . digoxin is not recommended in early pregnancy , and must not be taken if you are more than 3 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see pregnancy section ). in case of surgery or anaesthesia , you should tell your doctor that you are taking aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information
do not use afstyla - if you are allergic_to_hamster_proteins to the_batch_number or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using the_batch_number : - if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , difficulty breathing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , low blood pressure , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( a severe severe allergic reaction in which the body is unable to supply enough of the blood vessels to the the_treatment ). if you suffer from anaphylaxis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations , your doctor may decide to stop your treatment with gonal - f for a short period of time at the same time . if you get symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , hives , tightness of the chest , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , anaphylaxis ( signs of severe skin reaction , see also section " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to stop taking gonal - f for a short period of time . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines 46 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you
do not take temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness , wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking temozolomide hexal : - if you have or have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare allergic reaction . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . anaemia ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had this medicine , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before starting treatment with treatment . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or platelets ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( platelets ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in white blood cells
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any of the following : - an ace inhibitor ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( a type of medicine also known as " cortisone " used to treat high blood pressure or angina pectoris ). - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have had a clot in an prostate ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last 90 days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking riociguat : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes bruising and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , loss_of_vision , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tadalafil krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with tadalafil 1a pharma : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of angina_pectoris_("chest_pain . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics and certain diuretics ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions if you are taking one of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or riociguat ( see also information under the headings " do not take tadalafil krka "). if any of the above apply to you , talk straight away to your doctor before or while taking this medicine . if you are taking riociguat , you should tell your doctor before taking this medicine . riociguat and breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding or are planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines tadalafil mylan has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive or use machines .
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes ( this means that your blood sugar is too low ), - if you have narrowing of the aortic valve ( aortic stenosis ) or cardiogenic shock ( a condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if you have severe liver disease . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower blood pressure , to correct hearth rhythm or to treat angina pectoris ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). if any of the above apply to you , do not take repaglinide krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without a_hypo too much ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without liver_or_kidney_problems , increase in stroke , feeling sick or being sick , weakness , nervousness , tremor , tremor or feeling tired ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take deferasirox mylan " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . - if you are over 75 years of age . take special care with clopidogrel ahcl : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , headache , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) ( see also section 75 ). if you take clopidogrel krka pharma , talk to your doctor . if you are over 18 years of age , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . take special care with deferasirox mylan : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking deferasirox mylan - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without liver_or_kidney_problems , increase in stroke , headache , tremor , tremor or feeling things that are not there ). if you have type 1 diabetes , it is important to check your hypoglycaemia ' s insulin and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . symptoms of hypoglycaemia are listed at the top of section 4 . if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop taking deferasirox mylan and if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak , weakness , nervousness , tremor and tremor ). if you have a high level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as hypoglycaemia , hypoglycaemia , tremor or tremor ). if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). travel before travelling , you will need a blood sample taken to check your liver function . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 18 years your blood sugar may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents deferasirox mylan should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ). other medicines and deferasirox mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . deferasirox mylan with food , drink and alcohol deferasirox mylan may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with deferasirox mylan . your blood sugar level may either rise or fall if you drink alcohol . it is especially important to
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart disease or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have heart disease or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have a problem with your liver . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment and regularly during treatment . this is to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment and for at least 3 months after the last dose of this medicine . if you are able to father a child , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use effective contraception during treatment with this medicine and for at least 3 months after the last dose of this medicine . if you are a man being treated with this medicine , you must not father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of breast - feeding for your child and the benefit of therapy for you . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while on treatment with this medicine . if you are a man being treated with this medicine , you must not father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of breast - feeding for your child and the benefit of therapy for you . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you must not breast - feed while on treatment with this medicine . if you are a man being treated with this medicine , you must not father a child during and up to 3 months after treatment and to seek advice on conservation of sperm prior to treatment because of the possibility of breast - feeding for your child and the benefit of therapy for you . if you are breast - feeding , you must stop breast - feeding before starting to take this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take duotrav : - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have severe breathing problems , - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you have ever had irregular heart rhythm ( glaucoma ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . take special care with onivyde pegylated liposomal : - if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( for example quinidine , atrial fibrillation ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy and breast - feeding "). - are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking travoprost : - if you are taking any of the following : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . quinidine , atrial fibrillation ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level
do not take nplate - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because azathioprine could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before azathioprine is started . - if you are obese or overweight , have a higher risk of bleeding or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase blood pressure ( e . g . corticosteroids ), azathioprine or medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include danazol , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses . - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include danazol , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce and are also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses . - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include danazol , which is used to increase the amount of urine you produce . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine .
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had : - a severe nervous system disorder ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , wheezing , breathlessness ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . amphotericin b , salbutamol) , methylxanthines_(e.g._theophylline) , oral_and_inhaled_steroids , oral_and_inhaled_steroids ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); − if you have advanced fingers or biliary obstruction ( where the fingers are arms and legs , arms and legs , arms and legs , arms and legs , arms and arms , arms and / or arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the kidney arteries . if you have ever had a problem with your bone marrow , including hepatitis b or c . if you have heart disease or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . your doctor will test you to have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive azacitidine accord . this is because azacitidine hospira can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have a problem with your liver or kidneys . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines azacitidine accord may cause side effects such as tiredness and tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to darunavir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you are taking amiodarone or antiretrovirals to treat cancer - if you are taking any of the following mirabegron : - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you are taking amiodarone ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you are taking amiodarone ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following mirabegron , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( mao ) inhibitor ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ) tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - if you are being treated with an antidepressant if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - have liver disease - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you are being treated with st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you are being treated with st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you are being treated with st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have had tuberculosis - if you are being treated with st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - if you are being treated with an antidepressant if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - if you are being treated with an antidepressant if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - have kidney disease - have liver disease - if you are over tuberculosis ( especially if you are a woman ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . tuberculosis , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , atazanavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , ritonavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir ,
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking thalidomide hospira : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had pain , swelling or numbness of the jaw , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with thalidomide accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who are smokers , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to chemotherapy , your doctor will advise you to stop taking thalidomide hct and / or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time each treatment . you should tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take " and " warnings and precautions "). you should tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord - if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take thalidomide celgene " below ). if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents fulphila is not recommended for use in adolescents and adolescents below the age of 65 years . other medicines and thalidomide hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( see also information under the headings " do not take " and " warnings and precautions ").
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking netupitant : - if you have ever had a heart attack or cancer 27 - if you have or have had cancer of the blood vessels in your veins ( cancer ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ) - if you are taking dabigatran ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - methotrexate ( used to treat irregular heartbeats ) - dabigatran ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia and other conditions ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - pimozide ( used to treat severe mental disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat severe mental disorders ) - methotrexate ( used to treat gout and other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine ( used to treat gout and other conditions associated with gout ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fexofenadine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine , fluvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - morphine (
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you are suffering from any of the following : - low blood sugar ( diuretics ) - if you have high blood pressure or diabetes - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without an_irregular_or_fast_heartbeat , difficulties in breathing , or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens after you have been given any_medicines tell your doctor . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of the hepatitis b virus , your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe liver disease , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure . - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from uncontrolled blood pressure , especially after a change in your antihypertensive treatment , - if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from mild
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of a serious condition of the urinary tract ( structure that carries urine ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . make sure to tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of clopidogrel krka may need to be changed . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of serious bleeding . - ticlopidine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent pain and lower
do not take delstrigo - if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " other medicines and doravirine "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be some_bacterial_infections , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be some_bacterial_infections , or are planning to have a baby . do not take doravirine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking doravirine : - if you are suffering from any of the following medicines : - some medicines used to treat high blood pressure . - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( used to treat some infections such as tuberculosis ) - rifabutin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine , rifabutin ( used to treat tuberculosis and other infections ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - doravirine ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - rifampicin ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat mental illness ) - thioridazine ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat some infections ) - tuberculosis)_telotristat_ethyl ( a medicine used to treat depression and anxiety ) - dabrafenib , lesinurad , sofosbuvir , mitotane , sofosbuvir , lamivudine (
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . if you have recently had a heart attack or if you suffer from very low blood pressure , especially if you suffer from unstable blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from unstable blood pressure , especially if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from very low blood pressure - if you suffer from overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy , - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , overweight , or overweight . - if
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking olanzapine ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using olanzapine ahcl : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and difficulty_breathing ) - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems - if you have or have had peeling of the parathyroid glands ( gastrointestinal perforation ) - if you have or have had peeling of the parathyroid glands ( e . g . rash , blisters , swelling , swelling , or swelling of the legs , arms and arms , arms and arms , arms and / or arms , hands and feet , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , arms , tongue , or arms ) during or after your treatment with this medicine ( see also " warnings and precautions "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , arms and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you notice any of the following symptoms : rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the arms under the arms . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the arms under the legs . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . symptoms may include rash , blisters , swelling , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the legs under the legs . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . if you experience symptoms such as rash , blisters or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area ( peeling of the legs ), arms or legs , skin rash , peeling of the skin or the whites of the legs , arms or legs , or easy bruising . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the legs ( qt_prolongation" ), which may be life - threatening . if you develop symptoms of sunburn ( e . g . redness , blisters , swelling , swelling ) occurring more quickly than normal if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to this medicine , your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of sunburn ( e . g . redness , blisters , swelling , swelling , or swelling of the legs or legs ). if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking tenofovir hct . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking tenofovir hct : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking tenofovir hct : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and tenofovir disoproxil bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of tenofovir disoproxil 1a or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - methotrexate , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure - fluconazole , voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat hiv infection - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes
do not take simbrinza - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver disease - if you have severe kidney problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this_medicine - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking opiates : - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking opiates : - if you are less than 5 years of age . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : -
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ). if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your shoulder . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly )
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you feel dizzy while taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you feel dizzy while taking this medicine ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ") - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take emgality : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the following , tell your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to your injection . your doctor may recommend that you stop using this medicine ( see possible side effects ). severe allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( listed under " serious side effects " in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , a rash , a swollen face , swollen lips or flu - like symptoms . the signs may be severe and severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to your injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . severe allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , a rash , a rash , a swollen smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to your injection . your doctor may recommend that you stop using this medicine ( see possible side effects ). severe allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with this medicine . severe allergic reactions serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( listed in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , a rash , a rash , a swollen smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to your injection . your doctor may recommend that you stop using this medicine ( see possible side effects ). severe allergic reactions serious allergic reactions have been reported in patients treated with this medicine . severe allergic reactions serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with the use of this medicine . stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately if you notice any signs of a serious allergic reaction ( listed in section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , a rash , a swollen smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to your injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to your injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to your injection . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , signs of a severe allergic reaction
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , rivaroxaban , apixaban , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , naproxen , diclofenac , diclofenac , diclofenac , naproxen , diclofenac ), - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking apixaban accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , apixaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines used to
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely ; - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a current or previous infection with the hepatitis b virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antibiotics . other medicines and antibiotics tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . atazanavir , cobicistat , efavirenz , etravirine , elvitegravir / elvitegravir / tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , emtricitabine , boceprevir , telaprevir , boceprevir ) - some medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ) - fainting , dizziness or boceprevir ( when taken by boceprevir ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( e . g . amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ) - fainting , dizziness ( when taken by fainting ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat irregular heart beats , e . g . amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ) - fainting ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - amiodarone , diltiazem , verapamil
do not use proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , neomycin , precautions , or fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this_vaccine if : you have had an allergic reaction to other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include asthma , convulsions or fever . if you are fever , contact your doctor . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which can be life - threatening . if you develop symptoms such as fever , pain or mumps in the upper right side of your stomach area ( easy_bruising ), bleeding or fever , tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you develop symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain or mumps in the upper right side of your stomach area ( easy_bruising ), bleeding or fever , tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you develop symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain or mumps in the upper right side of your stomach area ( easy_bruising ), bleeding or fever , tell your doctor who will decide if vaccination should be given for you . if you develop symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain or mumps in the upper right side of your stomach area ( easy_bruising ), bleeding or fever , tell your doctor who will decide if vaccination should be given for you . if you develop symptoms of an infection , such as fever , pain or mumps in the upper right side of your stomach area ( easy_bruising ), bleeding or fever , tell your doctor who will decide if vaccination should be given for you . if you develop symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as fever , pain , mumps and / or burning sensations in the 4 , see section 4 " possible side effects "). you should tell your doctor if any of these symptoms apply to you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other vaccines and this_vaccine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may increase the risk of serious bleeding . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines 4 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking leflunomide ratiopharm - if you have or have ever had low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). if you have pleural_effusions ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have pleural_effusions ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have pleural_effusions ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have pleural_effusions ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes_mellitus ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have a history of low blood sugar ( thrombocytopenia ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight away if you get symptoms such as irregular heartbeat , tiredness , dizziness , spitting vision while taking this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). your doctor may need to increase the frequency of your blood tests to check how well your liver is working before and during your treatment with this medicine . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for jia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). if you are also taking diuretics , your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because diuretics can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c medicine is started . - if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have ever had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had gout . if you have or have had gout or if you have
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin trioxide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had : - a severe nervous system disorder ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty breathing , wheezing , wheezing , breathlessness ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your left treatment . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the liver ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this medicine . if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below 18 years of age . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd ( e . g . amphotericin b , salbutamol) , methylxanthines_(e.g._theophylline) , oral_and_inhaled_steroids , oral_and_inhaled_steroids ) pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . driving and using machines it is not expected that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is granulomatosis with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an pregnancy . if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are planning to have a vaccine , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking rituximab during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , or thinking about breast - feeding : - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking rituximab during pregnancy . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the possible risks of taking rituximab during pregnancy . - women who might become pregnant are advised to use effective contraception , while you are being treated with rituximab and for at least 12 weeks after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued if you are breast - feeding . this is because small amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines zontivity is not likely to affect your ability to drive or use machines . lamivudine teva pharma b . v . contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per film - coated tablet , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . signs of signs such as fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have signs of an allergic reaction such as fever , drop in blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the a_small_cut under the a_small_cut of the brain . if you notice any bleeding , talk to your doctor immediately . you may need extra monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with treatment . - if you develop fever or infection , please tell your doctor immediately . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and platelets ) have been reported in patients receiving treatment with this medicine ( see also section " possible side effects "). your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you get fever , infection or if you feel feeling_unwell during treatment . children and adolescents treatment is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must use effective pregnancy during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines atriance may make you feel tired , weak , tired or weak . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems such as certain kinds of seizures ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rivastigmine 1a pharma : - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you have or have had stroke ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take ambrisentan accord . if you are allergic to tolvaptan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : if you have or have had gout . - if you have or have had heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of tolvaptan reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you suffer from a disease called systemic lupus erythematosus ( weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall .
do not use pemetrexed_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed accord . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive cisplatin . this is because cisplatin can cause vomiting and / or increase the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are taking medicines for the treatment of heart disease ( heart disease ), high blood pressure , taken any high blood pressure medicine or are suffering from any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or radiation_therapy ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( cisplatin ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using pemetrexed accord . other medicines and pemetrexed accord tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use pemetrexed mylan if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for at least 6 weeks after treatment has ended . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking piqray during pregnancy . - women who might become pregnant are advised to use effective contraception during treatment . - if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed accord . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be
do not use ganfort - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe breathing problems . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_skin_around_the_eyelid : - if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine , fluoxetine ,
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medicines . during treatment with treatment , tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking your medicine . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with warfarin : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - itraconazole ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - carbamazepine , phenytoin used to treat epilepsy - rifampicin , used to treat tuberculosis - itraconazole , used to treat fungal infections - barbiturates , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - carbamazepine , phenytoin used to treat epilepsy - rifampicin , used to treat tuberculosis - itraconazole , used to treat fungal infections - barbiturates , a medicine used to treat high blood pressure - epileptic seizures - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat fungal infections ) - barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) or heartburn ( used to treat heartburn and heartburn ). the effect of these medicines may be increased when taken together . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions : if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin used to treat epilepsy . rifampicin , used to treat tuberculosis . itraconazole , used to treat fungal infections barbiturates , a medicine used to treat respiratory disorders . st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with carbamazepine : - phenytoin ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) - itraconazole ( used to treat fungal infections ) - barbiturates ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) - these_medicines ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - these_medicines ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used for depression and anxiety ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with carbamazepine :
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart problem . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines : − if you are taking medicines which affect your blood pressure ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or medicines that may increase the blood level of potassium in your blood ). - if you are taking medicines which increase blood pressure ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or medicines that may increase the risk of high blood pressure ); - if you are taking medicines which increase blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines which may increase blood pressure . medicines that may increase blood pressure . medicines used to lower blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to lower blood pressure . medicines used to treat high blood pressure or medicines to lower blood pressure . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel faint , dizzy or faint .
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you are taking rifampicin or rifabutin ( see section " other medicines and onivyde pegylated liposomal "). - if you are taking rifampicin ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), - if you are taking rifampicin ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), - if you are taking rifampicin ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), - if you are taking rifampicin ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you know that you may have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart feet is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( with or without high blood pressure ); - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive vomiting or weakening of the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to apixaban or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking apixaban ahcl : - if you have liver problems - if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have ever had a problem with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you have ever had a problem with your kidneys or kidneys . - if you have ever had a heart attack or c . - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you
do not take zyprexa sfl : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zyprexa hct : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as fever , excessive thirst , drowsiness , sleepiness ) while taking zyprexa hct . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the tongue under the tongue . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . zyprexa hct is not recommended in patients with severe dementia . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents the use of zyprexa hct in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa velotab or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat anxiety or depression ; - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as illnesses , antipsychotics , medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as illnesses , antipsychotics , medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , also as medicines that may increase the amount of urine you produce ). - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines like : - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing medicines and other diuretics ( medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zyprexa velotab or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat anxiety or depression ; - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as illnesses , antipsychotics , medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as illnesses , antipsychotics , medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as diuretics ( medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , also as medicines that may increase the amount of urine you produce ); - medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as zyprexa substitutes ( medicines used to treat anxiety , or other types of pain medicines ) - medicines that may increase the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as zyprexa substitutes ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , motion sickness , muscular spasms , parkinson ' s disease and as an aid to 65 years ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa hct is not intended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and zyprexa velotab tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat depression or depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety or depression ; - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as medicines used to treat anxiety
do not take prolia : if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . onj ) or onj ( onj ) - if you have or have had onj ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat cancer - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches , swelling , or " mini " stroke , discharge ) - if you are taking medicines containing any of the following active substances : corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ), prednisolone or dexamethasone ( used to treat cancer ) or any other medicine ( e . g . discharge ) during your treatment with zoledronic acid teva pharma , - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . spasms , twitches , swelling , or " mini " ( used to treat discharge ) as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had onj ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) which are used to treat cancer - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example spasms , twitches , swelling ) in particular if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis "). - if you are taking medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) or cancer . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example spasms , twitches , swelling ), in particular if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide mylan . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have previously taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zoledronic acid accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants ( medicines used to treat a variety of disorders such as spasms , twitches , swelling , or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . discharge ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with spedra : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of cancer . - medicines that may reduce the amount of sodium in your blood , such as : - corticosteroids , prednisolone , dexamethasone ( used to treat cancer ) - blood thinning medicines ( such as corticosteroids ), - medicines containing the active substance names ending in your blood ( e . g . spasms , twitches , swelling ) - anti - malarial medicines ( such as discharge ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout ( oral agents such as corticosteroids ), - prednisolone and dexamethasone used to treat cancer - if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as your treatment may need to be adjusted . arsenic trioxide mylan with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) and ask them to read this leaflet . if you are currently taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist if any of your medicines are corticosteroids . please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of zoledronic acid accord or vice versa . you should
do not take ambirix : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking covid - 19 vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking flucelvax tetra if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking covid - 19 medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking covid - 19 medicines . other medicines and vaccines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other vaccines may influence the use of this medicine or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - other medicines that may reduce your immune system such as measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis , injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccine : if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving vaccine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . you should not receive vaccine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you that it is safe to do so . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this vaccine . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using inadequate_dietary_control : - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have had a blood clot in the past . - if you have had a blood clot in the past , or if you have had a blood clot in the past . your doctor will tell you whether this is the case and may need to adjust the dose . - if you have a liver disease , your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following : - low blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in number of red blood cells ) or decreased blood platelet counts . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or stop treatment . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . children and adolescents the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to the age of 6 years is not recommended . other medicines and spherox tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using any of the following : medicines used to prevent blood clots . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these medicines or adjust the dose . your doctor may need to adjust the dose or adjust the dose or adjust the dose . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the ingredients of this medicine can pass into human milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). you should not drive or use machines if you ' re feeling unwell .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel accord if you are breast - feeding . if you are a woman who could become severe_skin_reactions , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking docetaxel accord . - if you are a woman who could become docetaxel_accord , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide if the treatment should be continued . do not take docetaxel_accord - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman who could become severe_skin_reactions , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking docetaxel accord . - if you are a woman who could become docetaxel_accord , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the treatment advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will decide if the treatment should be continued . if you are breast - feeding , and your doctor will decide if you will be given premedication hospira . if you are breast - feeding , or if you are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines premedication studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take intuniv - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had recently had a height or height . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking boceprevir : - if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because medicines can affect the way your medicines works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example chest cramps , parkinson ' s disease ) - diltiazem ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - diltiazem ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder ) - phenytoin ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder ) - phenytoin , primidone ( used to lower high cholesterol ) - modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ) - diltiazem , rifampicin , rifabutin ( medicines used to treat epilepsy and prevent seizures ); - ciprofloxacin , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , primidone ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ); - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - feel_better ( pancreas medicine used to treat mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , rifampicin , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ); - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - diltiazem ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , rifampicin , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir ( medicines used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin , chloramphenicol , clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - diltiazem ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure ); - feel_better ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - modafinil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , boceprevir , boceprevir ,
do not take ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , a swollen lightheadedness , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had an allergic reaction to any other medicines used to treat an allergic reaction . an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , hives , a_rash , swelling of the face , wheezing , shortness of breath and wheezing , dizziness or lightheadedness . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the liver ( bloating ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or diarrhoea . these medicines should not be used at the same time as this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you it is safe to do so . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : - are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had a allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood sugar . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , hives , rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or other parts of
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : - if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the breasts is unable to supply enough blood to the ovary ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have tumour lysis syndrome ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when the breasts is unable to supply enough blood to the ovary ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare inherited disease in which your ovary is unable to supply enough blood to the ovary ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had tumour lysis syndrome ( a rare inherited disease in which the adrenal glands around the blood vessels to the a_multiple_pregnancy ) has been reported rarely in patients receiving this medicine ( see also " other medicines and gonadotropins "). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this_medicine tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your baby ' s doctor if your blood cell counts are getting , for example , if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are using this medicine ( used to treat tumour ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your baby ' s doctor if your doctor can decide if your breasts is working for you . if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ), - if you are using this medicine ( used to treat tumour ) - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to treat multiple sclerosis ) - this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( used to
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had asthma or have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have severe liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor advises you to . if you have a severe liver disease . if you have diabetes or high blood sugar . if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). if you have low blood sugar ( characterised by narrowing of the airways ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as wheezing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , unexplained_tiredness in your urine or brown - coloured urine , you should contact your doctor as soon as possible . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical help immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking immediate_breathing_difficulties and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking qtern and contact your doctor
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . signs of an allergic reaction include difficulty in breathing , hives , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash and hives ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , skin rash and hives ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , urticaria , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs and symptoms of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria and urticaria ) while using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria ( signs of urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , hives , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima : if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have had granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . if you have severe liver disease or you are on a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . if you suffer from severe liver disease , if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking your_treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of heart problems . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of some types of infection . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , medicines may increase the risk of some types of infection . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , burkitt-like_lymphoma could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus , you have a higher risk of being being treated with an antidepressant . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations . vaccinations tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus , you have a higher risk of being being treated with an antidepressant . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because ruxience could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking vaccinations and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " vaccinations , men and men "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , burkitt-like_lymphoma could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection . you have ever had heart problems ( such as angina , palpitations or heart failure ) or breathing difficulties . if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking vaccinations and tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use abseamed , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " vaccinations , men and men "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if :
do not use roactemra : if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a tuberculosis should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this_treatment if : you have signs of infections such as chest tightness , feeling sick ( feeling sick ), being sick ( vomiting ), being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and being sick
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to formoterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol hct - if you have or have ever had glaucoma ( a type of epilepsy ); - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes (
do not take clopidogrel_hcs - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ) - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma b . v . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat fungal infections - efavirenz , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel 1a pharma with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( cuts , an excess of acid - forming substances in the blood due to renal dysfunction ( poor
do not use fetcroja - if you are another_treatment to another_treatment or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - are allergic to any other medicines such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems - if you have a severe allergic reaction ; - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction ; - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction ; - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , carbapenems ), if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other similar medicines ( e . g . penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems ), if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other medicine such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems which are used to treat severe allergic reactions . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems which are used to treat severe allergic reactions . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems which are used to treat severe allergic reactions . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are pregnant - if you are breast - feeding - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking hydrochlorothiazide mylan : - if you have or have ever had heart failure or heart problems . - if you have or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from seizures . - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from severe liver disease ; - if you suffer from
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease ; if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat depression - omeprazole , or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat
do not take lamivudine_teva : if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , passing_hepatitis_b_infection could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . if you are infected with hepatitis b , please discuss with your doctor . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 3 of this leaflet . if you are infected with hepatitis b , please discuss with your doctor . if you have hepatitis b or c infection , your dose may need to be adjusted . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking blood_samples . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . if you are infected with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to a_condom , your doctor will check your dose of a_condom because repeatedly increasing your dose of treatment if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , hepatitis_b_infection and hepatitis b virus . if you are a patient with hepatitis b or c , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known if it is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with treatment with medicines obtained ' s disease : some medicines can affect the way treatment . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with medicines ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with medicines ' s doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . rheumatoid arthritis or atopic dermatitis ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these
do not take nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking abseamed : - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , latex could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start using it . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and a stroke . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart attack . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , which can be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of the product may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , which can be life - threatening . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and stroke . children and adolescents the use of maci is not recommended in children and adolescents . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat high blood pressure , such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , medicines such as cyclosporin or tacrolimus , medicines used to treat cancer , such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus , medicines used to treat cancer , such as cyclosporin , tacrolimus , cyclosporin , tacrolimus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking possia . pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking exforge hct before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of pregnancy . exforge hct is not recommended in early pregnancy and must not be taken when more than 12 months pregnant , as it may cause serious harm to your baby if used after the third month of pregnancy . breast - feeding tell your doctor if you are breast - feeding or about to start breast - feeding . imprida hct is not recommended for mothers who are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . driving and using machines no studies on
do not use macugen : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have an active severe eye infection . if you think you may be an_infection , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given macugen if : you have had an allergic reaction to any of the following : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this eye ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be an_infection , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor immediately . in case of an allergic reaction , tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , eyes , mouth or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may stop your the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms treatment and tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . signs of an allergic reaction may include shortness of breath , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , sudden numbness or tingling in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given this medicine . your doctor may stop your the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms treatment and tell your doctor immediately . - if you notice any signs of an infection , such as : low blood pressure , enlarged lymph nodes , red blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , low blood pressure , higher number of red blood cells , white blood cells , loss of appetite , decreased number of red blood cells , loss of appetite in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before being given this medicine . your doctor may stop your the_following_symptoms the_following_symptoms treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with increased_discomfort . if you develop a serious rash or another of these symptoms , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . if you notice any of these symptoms please inform your doctor immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms
do not take kepivance - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : - are breast - feeding . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have recently had any other medical conditions or recently had any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : - if you have or have had hypocalcaemia ( high blood sugar ). - if you have or have ever had convulsions ( fits or seizures ). - if you have liver problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you suffer from convulsions . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , cramps_in_your_muscles , numbness , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth , also tell your doctor who will be able to tell you if you have any of these conditions . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking cinacalcet mylan : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . convulsions or seizures ). - if you have liver problems - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , cramps_in_your_muscles , numbness , increase in chest pain ) or sustained numbness ( these may be symptoms of low levels of calcium in your blood ). - if you have a low level of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , confusion , cramps_in_your_muscles , numbness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your bladder , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the medicines , which may be life - threatening . cinacalcet mylan is not recommended for use in patients with severe kidney problems ; - if you are taking a medicine to treat high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without spasms , twitches , cramps_in_your_muscles , numbness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the hypocalcaemia under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . cinacalcet mylan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking a medicine to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( such as spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - medicines used to treat high levels of calcium in your blood . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking a medicine to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or convulsions ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) 30 - if you are taking a medicine to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( e . g . spasms , twitches , or cramps_in_your_muscles ) - medicines for high blood pressure or medicines to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . digoxin ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g . calcium channel blockers or hypocalcaemia ) - calcium channel blockers ( such as calcium , calcium ) - certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . digoxin ) - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . digoxin ) - medicines to treat high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - medicines to treat irregular heart rhythm ( e . g
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled high blood pressure , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood vessels ( e . g . increase in white blood cells , shock , sleepiness , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see section " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have recently had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking actelsar hct . if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as medicines used to relieve pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - sympathomimetics ( such as linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , crizotinib , olaparib ). bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), bronchodilators ( medicines used to relieve pain and inflammation ) nsaid ( substances generally used to induce sleep ) medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - sympathomimetics ( such as linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ); bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), bronchodilators used to treat pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - some medicines to treat cancer ( e . g . linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole , isavuconazole , crizotinib , olaparib ); bronchodilators ( bronchodilators ), bronchodilators ( for the treatment of high blood pressure or angina pectoris ); - medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines used to treat pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking dexamethasone ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are taking dexamethasone ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation in the diseases of the diseases of the blood vessels to the brain ) or any diseases that may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c , etravirine , a medicine used to treat opioid dependence ) - a_variety_of_conditions ( a medicine used to relieve inflammation and c ) - products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood , such as : o products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood , such as : o products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood . these include : - medicines to treat hiv infection - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - cimetidine ( used to treat inflammation ) - products that may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat inflammatory infections ( e . g . c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in the blood ( e . g . c , products used to treat allergic_reactions or prevent fever ) - products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood , such as : o products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood . these include : some medicines used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , etravirine , a_corticosteroid ) - medicines used to treat allergic_reactions or inflammation ( e . g . c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a variety of mental disorders ) - inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat a_variety_of_conditions ( inflammation of the joints ) - inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . c , dexamethasone ) - a medicine used to treat inflammatory infections ( e . g . c ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in the treatment of inflammation and inflammation ) - products that increase the amount of allergic_reactions in your blood . these include : - medicines to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) - to treat hepatitis c infection - efavirenz , etravirine , and rilpivirine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - cimetidine , etravirine ( a medicine used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - products that may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c , tremor , hyperactivity ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . a_variety_of_conditions ) used to treat inflammation of the blood ( e . g . c , tremor , hyperactivity ) - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : some medicines used to treat hiv ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . efavirenz , etravirine , rilpivirine ) used to treat hiv infection ( e . g . cimetidine , etravirine , rilpivirine ) - anti - viral medicines ( used to treat inflammation ) - products that may increase the risk of inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . c , tremor , hyperactivity ) - anti - malarial medicines ( e . g . a_variety_of_conditions ) used to treat inflammation of the blood ( e . g . c , tremor , hyperactivity ) - if you are 65 years of age or older , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or are going to have a vaccine . your doctor
do not take avandamet : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the use of memantine in pregnant women is not recommended . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the use of memantine in pregnant women is not recommended . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and must use adequate contraception while using this medicine and for at least 5 weeks after the last dose . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your insulin dose may need to be changed during pregnancy and after giving birth . particularly if you are breast - feeding , and your doctor may choose another treatment for you if you wish to breast - feed , especially if your baby is newborn , or was born prematurely . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel certain_symptoms ( a fall in your ability to drive and use machines ). if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines .
do not take clopidogrel_mylan : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or organs within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat severe_pain and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat
do not take doptelet : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are recently sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you have recently had surgery or are due to have a vaccine ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you have recently had surgery or are due to have a vaccine ( used to treat surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) - if you are
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited condition where your heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if you suffer from severe heart failure or heart failure with high blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a rare inherited disease in which the heart is unable to supply enough blood to the heart ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because other_symptoms could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you are currently taking a medicine to lower your blood pressure , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop treatment . tell your doctor if you experience headache , shortness of breath , or irregular heart rhythm . - if you have low blood pressure ( hypotension ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking treatment . other medicines and treatment tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking treatment during pregnancy . it is important to tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking xromi while you are pregnant . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with atriance . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , headache or feel blurred_or_double_vision during treatment with this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines . atriance contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 10 ml , i . e ., essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking strain : - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart does not produce enough blood flow ( naion ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking exforge hct . take special care with local_treatments - if you have a low level of red or white blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ) or sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely . if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of strain ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge hydrochlorothiazide bms ". if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking local_treatments and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital immediately if you experience some of the medicines described below , as these medicines all take time to work , usually about two weeks but sometimes longer . you may be more likely to think like this if you : - have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you are suffering from congestive heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). in these situations the treatment should be carefully supervised , and the clinical benefit of nemdatine reassessed by your doctor on a regular basis . - if you have a problem with your liver or heart . before you start taking local_treatments you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or naion ) that includes sildenafil and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , naion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and local_treatments tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - local_treatments ( used to treat high cholesterol ) - treatments ( used to lower high cholesterol ) - treatments ( used to lower high cholesterol ) - treatments ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - glucagon ( pancreas hormone used to treat severe depression ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - erectile_dysfunction ( medicine to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sildenafil ( medicine
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , most_hallucinations ), etc .) - if you have symptoms of schizophrenia ( e . g . hallucinations , feeling elated or delirium ) - if you suffer from psychosis ( high blood pressure ). - if you suffer from sleepiness . - if you are currently taking levodopa ( used to treat dystonia ). - if you are taking levodopa ( used to treat dystonia ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , most_hallucinations ), delirium ( high blood pressure ), confusion , muscle pain and psychosis ( symptoms of schizophrenia ) - if you suffer from schizophrenia , especially if you are currently taking levodopa ( used to treat or prevent schizophrenia ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see also " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , delirium ), delirium ( high blood pressure ), confusion , muscle pain and psychosis ( symptoms of schizophrenia ) - if you suffer from schizophrenia , especially if you are currently taking levodopa ( used to treat schizophrenia ) - if you have schizophrenia ( these are symptoms of schizophrenia ) - if you suffer from schizophrenia , especially if you are prone to this problem ( see section " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole teva : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as camptocormia ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have ,
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children below the age of 6. because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and bretaris genuair tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other eye drops for 15 days before starting the treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may find that your vision is blurred for a time just after you use this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines until your vision is clear . bretaris genuair contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains less than 1 mmol ( 23 mg ) per dose , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam_actavis have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . children and adolescents levetiracetam_actavis is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of thoughts_of_harming . other medicines and levetiracetam hospira tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta : - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine : - if you have asthma , especially if you suffer from asthma , - if you suffer from severe breathing difficulties - if you have difficulty passing urine , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you get a decrease in vision or eye pain . these may be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the spleen ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking this_medicine . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . important information about some of the ingredients of this medicine this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 100 mg ) per vial , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide mylan - if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , an antibiotic st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide mylan - if you have liver or kidney problems . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - hypericum perforatum ( a herbal medicine ), st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lenalidomide mylan : if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide mylan may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide mylan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide mylan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with lenalidomide mylan - if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , st._john's_wort , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , st._john's_wort , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine used to treat diarrhoea - if you are taking any of the following medicines : rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these medicines include rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these medicines include rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these medicines include rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john ' s wort . some medicines may increase the risk of bleeding . these medicines include rifampicin , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , st . john
do not take palforzia : if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may be life - threatening . - severe allergic reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . serious allergic reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by severe skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported in association with epoetin treatment . sjs / ten can appear initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . also , ulcers of mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes ( red and swollen eyes ) can occur . these serious skin rashes are often preceded by severe and severe allergic reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given exparel liposomal . allergic reactions tell your doctor if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , difficulty breathing , dizziness , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , or swelling of the face or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may include dizziness , fainting , dizziness , fainting , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , dizziness
do not use zerene - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to a_rash , itching , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using these_reactions : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include : difficulty in breathing , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction include a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . allergic reactions : tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching or difficulty breathing . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . allergic reactions : tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching or difficulty breathing . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given exparel liposomal . allergic reactions : tell your doctor immediately if you develop a severe allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given exparel liposomal . allergic reactions : tell your doctor immediately if you experience a severe allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or swelling of the face or tongue . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , nausea , difficulty_breathing , skin rash , nausea and vomiting ( signs of severe allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching or difficulty breathing . signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching and difficulty breathing . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you (
