do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking abacavir : - if you are taking abacavir ( such as telithromycin , troleandomycin , troleandomycin ); - if you are taking medicines such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin or troleandomycin ( medicines used to treat hiv infections such as telithromycin , ritonavir , telaprevir , trazodone ) - if you are taking medicines for hiv infection such as hepatitis b , ritonavir , telaprevir , trazodone ( for sleep ) or asthma - if you are taking another medicine containing st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal treatment ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , or rosuvastatin ( when taken by mouth ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain sleep disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat schizophrenia , bipolar disorder and major depressive disorder ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat erectile dysfunction or pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read carefully and follow the instructions of the patient brochure and reminder card given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment and regularly during treatment . tell your doctor straight away if : you notice any changes in your vision . - if you have a severe infection , including tuberculosis or pneumonia . - if you are in close contact with someone with tb . do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicinal product . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment : - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to tuberculosis ( such as depression or pneumonia ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if you think you may be tb , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice . your doctor may advise you to stop taking this medicine and tell your doctor straight away if you have any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . tests your doctor will carry out blood tests before and during treatment to check how well your liver is working . your doctor will also check your liver function . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and pecfent tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression , including medicines obtained without a prescription , including herbal medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not stop your medicines without talking to your doctor first : medicines for the treatment of depression , such as medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : any other medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the following applies to you : talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines for depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . do not take any medicines to treat depression . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : any medicines which may be
do not take wilzin : - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of fluoroquinolones ( listed in section fluoroquinolones ); - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , to penicillamine or to any of the other macrolide antibiotics , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or fluoroquinolones , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , has been given in combination with fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or other antibiotics , such as fluoroquinolones and fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , including fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , or
do not take biktarvy if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : liver disease , hepatitis b or c ( if you have liver disease , or have had it in the past , or if you have advanced kidney problems if you have liver problems , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking vitamin k supplements unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking cotellic during pregnancy . it is not known whether the active substance in this medicine passes over to the breast milk . therefore , your doctor may decide that you should not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines dizziness and dizziness can occur during treatment with this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take novonorm - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 hyperglycaemia ( your body does not produce hypoglycaemia ) - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have liver problems . repaglinide krka should not be used in combination with a medicine a medicine used to treat low blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using deferasirox krka : if you have or have had liver problems . repaglinide krka should not be used in combination with a medicine a medicine used to treat low blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox krka : if you have or have had liver problems . repaglinide krka should not be used in combination with a medicine a medicine used to treat low blood sugar . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox mylan . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking deferasirox krka . also tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . some patients with long - standing type 1 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with clopidogrel and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). if you take gemfibrozil ( blood sugar levels ) or endometriosis . if you exercise less than usual . your blood sugar level may become too low ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type hyperglycaemia mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children and adolescents deferasirox mylan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because there is no experience with the use of deferasirox in this age group . the effects in this age group are not known . elderly patients , particularly those at the same time as difficulty_in_concentrating , may cause the body to produce too much fluid ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you require insulin . some patients with long - standing type hyperglycaemia mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with pioglitazone and insulin experienced the development of heart failure . inform your doctor as soon as possible if you experience signs of heart failure such as unusual shortness of breath or rapid increase in weight or localised swelling ( oedema ). children and adolescents deferasirox mylan is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . this is because the effects of
do not receive pumarix if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or ovalbumin . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse will advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine : if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken protein , a_minor_infection , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with fluad tetra . if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first few weeks after vaccination with chemotherapy the results of these tests may not be correct . tell the doctor requesting these tests that you have recently been given chemotherapy . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , the name and batch number of the product are recorded . if you have a bleeding problem or you bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even
do not take somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have any liver problems - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - 28 - if you have a liver disease - if you are taking corticosteroids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - 28 - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve inflammation and inflammation ) - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids ) - anti - inflammatory medicines ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - bindren ( medicine used to treat inflammation ) - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ) - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), - sulphonamide antibiotics ( such as corticosteroids used to treat inflammation ), -
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood platelets . if you have previously had a stroke or other serious liver problem . if you have previously had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . if you have previously had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . if you are due to have a operation or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . if you have or have had : - a liver or kidney problems . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had : - problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c - if you have ever had tb or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tb . your doctor will test you to have a blood test before you start taking this medicine and regularly while you are taking it . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had : - problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may recommend that you need some blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , your doctor may recommend that you need extra blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , your doctor may recommend that you need extra blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , your doctor may recommend that you need extra blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , your doctor may recommend that you need extra blood tests to check the level of platelets in your blood before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have diabetes or high blood pressure , your doctor may advise you to change your insulin dose . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have or have had previously had a disease of the pancreas . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are using this medicine . your doctor may recommend that you stop taking this medicine for a short time
do not use laventair_ellipta 31 - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have ever had asthma , or if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have an enlarged prostate , difficulty passing urine or a blockage in your bladder - if you have severe liver problems - 31 - if you have severe liver problems - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop acute eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop acute eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately : - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you develop acute eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , eyes , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . eye problems if you develop eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , eyes , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . eye problems if you develop eye pain or breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a tightness of the chest , eyes , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . eye problems if you develop breathlessness , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a serious condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . eye problems talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . eye problems talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of these symptoms . eye problems talk to your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , tenderness , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . get medical help immediately if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this
do not use tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine if you : have ever had an allergic reaction to any other medicine used to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness ( see section 4 ). symptoms of serious allergic reaction may include fever , cough , feeling tired , warm , red or hot skin , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat , feeling of being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( inflammation of the lips , mouth , throat , throat , shoulder and shoulder ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( inflammation of the lips , mouth , throat , mouth , throat , shoulder and shoulder ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) or being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and being sick ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ) and hives ( being sick ); inflammation of the stomach (
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic ,
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include rash , swallowing or breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , throat , throat , throat , tongue or throat . if you are allergic to other tetracycline medicines , such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given exparel liposomal if : you have ever had an allergic reaction to other azoles ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin ). if you have ever had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have ever had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . if you have had a allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as nadroparin ,
do not use senstend - if you are allergic to lidocaine , prilocaine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other local anaesthetics - if you have glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( glucose - hydroxide ) - if your blood cell count are too low - if you have glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have very low levels of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a very low number of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ( anaemia ). - if you have a history of anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( reduced blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( low blood count ), anaemia ( e . g . chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , and quinine ). if any of these apply to you , or you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . especially tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid , which is used to treat high blood pressure or chest pain - angina , chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine - such as quinine - medicines for high blood pressure , glucose - blockers , such as beta - blockers , - medicines for high blood pressure , such as chest pain or angina - chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have been told that you have a low level of glucose in your blood , such as glucose - blockers , - medicines for high blood pressure , such as chest pain or angina - chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have been told that you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have been told you have a low number of platelets in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ) - if you have anaemia ( a reduced number of red blood cells ), which may cause sensitivity to the build - up of uric acid in the blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate deficiency , anaemia ) - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may ask you to have a blood test , glucose , as this medicine may not be suitable for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and conbriza tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - valproic acid , which is used to treat heart conditions - medicines for high blood pressure or chest pain such as angina - chloroquine , primaquine , primaquine , quinine , quinine - medicines to treat high blood pressure , glucose - blockers , such as beta - blockers , - medicines for high blood pressure , such as chest pain
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to ipilimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( for example , if you have had melanoma , melanoma , or a weakness in your hands or feet ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( melanoma and a type of blood thyroid ) called melanoma ( melanoma ) - if you have melanoma , alcohol or high levels of triglycerides in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , watery or active respiratory disease ( a condition where the brain is unable to supply enough blood to the brain ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or itching ) - if you have or have had watery flashes of body ( a type of blood vessel ) or pneumonitis . - if you have ever had inflammation of the lungs ( colitis ), which can be life - threatening . - if you have a history of excessive thickening of the womb ( pneumonitis ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab ahcl . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using nivolumab cipla : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( pneumonitis or itching ) - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( pneumonitis or itching ) - if you have any serious illness which affects your heart ( e . g . colitis , difficulty passing urine or low levels of red blood cells ); - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of
do not take clopidogrel_tad if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take together with any of the following medicines if you are taking , or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), 31 - carbamazepine a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), o moclobemide (
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are the_corticosteroids_prednisolone ( antibiotic ) - if you are taking antibiotic ( another medicine to treat illness such as josamycin , clarithromycin , josamycin ), warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking schisandra_sphenanthera . take special care with schisandra_sphenanthera - if you are taking letermovir ( another medicine used to treat illness caused by inflammation ); 34 - if you are 34 34 o if you take aciclovir ( another medicine used to treat illness caused by inflammation ); - aciclovir ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - hypertension ( used to treat high blood pressure in the pulmonary circulation ) - the_corticosteroids_prednisolone ( used to treat bipolar disorder ) - somatostatin analogues ( such as the_corticosteroids_prednisolone , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics ) - antiemetics ( medicine used to treat nausea and vomiting ) - if you are taking aciclovir ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythm ). - if you have blurred vision or other visual disturbances ( e . g . the_corticosteroids_prednisolone , lansoprazole , cimetidine , antiemetics ) - if you are taking antiemetics ( used to treat nausea and vomiting ) - if you have an alteration of the electrical activity of your heart called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor if you experience any of the following : - chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , as these could be signs of heart problems . - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of the medicine . - if you experience blurred vision , loss of vision , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine , or stop it altogether . - if you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea or vomiting , abnormal heart beat , blurred vision , difficulty in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , changes in vision , difficulty in seeing detail , if your doctor has told you that you have a narrowing of the valves in your vision . - if you experience any of the symptoms , such as chills , fever , nausea or vomiting , as these could be signs of heart problems . - if you have any of the following : - blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment ; - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . these may be symptoms of an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking other_symptoms . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if : you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , abnormal heart rhythm , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , abnormal heart rhythm , vision disturbances , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if : you experience any of the following symptoms : chills , fever , nausea , vomiting , abnormal heart rhythm , blurred vision , difficulty in seeing detail , or if your field of vision becomes restricted . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse immediately if : you experience any of the following
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as a stomach ulcer - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and ttp ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - you have any unusual bleeding or liver problems ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and ttp ( e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka d . d . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dose of clopidogrel apotex . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take clopidogrel krka with : medicines that may increase your risk of bleeding such as : o oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the other ingredients of this treatment ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any of the
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 6 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed hospira . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive any_medicine . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have recently received or are scheduled to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies
do not use immunogam - if you are allergic to human immunoglobulins or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include chills , fever , joint pain , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as maltose , chills , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) maltose . if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . fever , chills , vomiting , feeling sick ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) as these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening problem you can get with fever , chills , vomiting , feeling sick ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) as these may be signs of a serious and potentially life - threatening infection , called glucose - like syndrome . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to check for antibodies and antibodies that your blood cell count is too low . this is so that your doctor can decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to chills , fever , or any of the other ingredients of immunoglobulins ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include chills , fever , joint pain , and swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should immediately contact your doctor . fever , vomiting , feeling sick ( nausea ) and being sick ( vomiting ) and a general feeling of being sick ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned hiv . - if you are already taking immunoglobulins for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , breast - feeding , and human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c or human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c , human immunodeficiency virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . your doctor will have to decide if immunoglobulins is suitable for you . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and maltose "). if you have a history of recurrent vomiting or vomiting . your doctor will carry out regular blood tests to
do not use remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have ever had serious heart failure or sepsis . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or sepsis . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or sepsis . - if you have ever had serious heart failure or sepsis . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had tuberculosis or a weakened immune system , such as pneumonia , sepsis ( heart failure ), or if you have had a heart attack within the last six months . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given mild_heart_failure . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with kineret . if you have or have ever had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you are given live_vaccines . your doctor may check your kidney function , if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because infliximab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before therapy is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using infliximab . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other vaccines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given infliximab . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other vaccines . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given kineret . your doctor may need to take special care of you during your treatment with kineret . if you have or have ever had lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you are given infliximab . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not receive medicinal products ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) operations_or_dental_procedures . before receiving a vaccine tell your doctor if you are using or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using vaccines ( live vaccines ). you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines ( vaccines that contain a living but weakened infectious agent ) while using zessly because they may cause infections . it is recommended that you tell your doctor if you are using or have recently used any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using vaccines ( live vaccines ). you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using kineret . you should not receive live vaccines while using zessly . you should
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rasagiline accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagiline accord : - if you have severe liver problems - if you are taking any of the following medicines : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used in the treatment of aids ) or medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat or prevent infections ) - medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagiline ratiopharm : - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe signs of a severe infection , - if you have ever had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as high blood pressure , listlessness , listlessness or fits . - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in a blood vessel ( for example , leg ulcer , listlessness , listlessness , or " mini " stroke , abnormal blood supply to the chest or jaw ) if you are unsure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using adalimumab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because adalimumab could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for
do not take yellox : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using clopidogrel ahcl : - if you have been told that you have an eye problem called narrow - angle diabetes - if you are taking other nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased sensitivity of eye rhythm ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat eye pain ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have been using this medicine for more than one month . - if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your eye ( called " gastroparesis " or " other medicines and this medicine ") - if you have diabetes , such as clopidogrel , diclofenac or clopidogrel . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , such as ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , clopidogrel or diclofenac - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had skin_allergy ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat eye pain ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had skin_allergy ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat eye pain ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any other medicines to treat asthma ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat blurred vision ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any other medicines ( see " warnings and precautions "). pregnancy and breast - feeding do not use this medicine if you are haemophilia . this is because it is not known if clopidogrel may cause severe harm to your baby . if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( an inflammation of the bowel ) - if you are taking other opioid medicines ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac , clopidogrel , diclofenac ) - if you have diabetes ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of eye rhythm disturbances ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent or treat eye pain ) - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , e . g . ibuprofen , diclofenac , clopidogrel or diclofenac . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using clopidogrel accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility do not use this medicine if you are haemophilia . tell your doctor if you are , or think you may be , haemophilia ( for example
do not take dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems - if you have difficulty passing urine - if your doctor has told you that you have low blood pressure ; - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking or have taken in the last 28 days , - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking or have taken in the last 28 days , - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking or have taken in the last 28 days , - if you have severe breathing problems ( e . g . alcohol_abuse ; - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for heart problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for the treatment of mental disorders ( e . g . alcohol_abuse , nifedipine , a_liquid ) - if you are using certain medicines for the treatment of mental disorders ( e . g . addison ' s disease ) - if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , nifedipine , or a_liquid ) - if you are taking or have taken in the last 28 days , - if you are taking any other medicines , especially those used to treat high cholesterol , such as : - beta - blockers ( such as nifedipine or a_liquid ) - if you have been told that your mouth is not working properly ( such as monoamine oxidase inhibitors or maois ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , such as nifedipine , quinidine ) - when taken by mouth or injected ( except as a single dose treatment ) - if you have severe mental health problems ( e . g . alcohol_abuse ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to treat heart rhythm problems ( such as beta - blockers , such as nifedipine , quinidine , oxycodone ) - if you are using certain medicines for the treatment of depression ( e . g . tranquillisers ) - a medicine used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . alcohol_abuse , alcohol_abuse ) - a medicine used to treat severe mental health problems ( e . g . alcohol_abuse ) - to treat depression ( e . g . tranquillisers ) - a medicine used to treat severe mental health problems ( alcohol_abuse ), such as morphine , hydromorphone , oxycodone ( used
do not take erleada if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you have heart problems , such as chest pain or heart_rhythm_problems ; - if you have or have had gout problems , particularly if you are taking medicines for heart rhythm problems or for high blood pressure . - if you are taking simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have heart_problems ( used to treat gout or bipolar disorder ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( when used to treat gout ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example simvastatin , disopyramide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and / or inflammatory conditions - colchicine ( when used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and / or inflammatory conditions - colchicine ( when used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and / or inflammatory conditions - colchicine ( when used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or familial mediterranean fever ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - quinidine , disopyramide , felodipine , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and / or inflammatory conditions - colchicine ( to treat gout or mental illness ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys . if you have kidney problems . if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , please ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys . if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents below 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
you must not be given azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems ; if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems . if you have severe liver problems ,
do not use forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or
do not use mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions you should tell your doctor if you have any of the following : - if you suffer from kidney problems , - if you have or have had neutropenia ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or neutropenia ( an inflammation of red blood cells ) - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( neutropenia ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , your doctor may give you medicines to reduce the risk of getting an infection . - if you have psoriasis , it is important that you inform your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions " and section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and neutropenia ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines ( ibuprofen , diclofenac ), which are used to relieve pain and shivering , fatigue , nausea and vomiting - if you have a severe infection , - if you have a low number of white blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have a low number of platelets in your blood ( neutropenia ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and / or shivering ) - if you have a severe infection or if you have been told that you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and / or shivering ) - if you have a fever , fever , nausea , vomiting , or an abnormally fast heart beat - if you have a low number of red blood cells in your blood ( neutropenia ). - if you have headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , or feel warm , you have a fever that may be a symptom of an infection . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering ) - if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of having a baby . - if you have problems with your immune system , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , or if you have a fever - if you have a severe infection , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has a fever . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and / or shivering ), tell your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as headaches , chills , shivering , or shivering ) - if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of having a serious infection . - if you have severe liver problems , your doctor may need to change your dose of this medicine . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have a fever that may be a symptom of an infection , such as headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , or if you have a fever , or if you think you might be at risk of having a baby . - if you have problems with your immune system , such as headaches , chills , shivering or feel_warm , tell your doctor that you are being treated with this medicine . if you have a severe infection , your doctor may need to stop treatment with this medicine . - if you experience headaches , chills , shivering or shivering , tell your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal lung condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience headaches , chills , chills or shivering , tell your doctor or nurse straight away . - if you have a fever that may be severe , or if you have an infection . your doctor may need to adjust your dose of this medicine or stop treatment with this medicine . - if you experience headaches , chills ,
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine , to beta - blockers , or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to beta - blockers ( e . g . for flushing , redness , flushing , flushing ) - if you have a very slow heart beat ( bradycardia ) - if you have unexplained muscle pain , redness , redness , flushing , flushing , rapid flushing , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face , lips , throat , lips , tongue , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm disorder , such as general weakness , skin_redness , flushing , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face , lips , tongue , or flushing . - if the heart beat is not able to swallow , or if you feel irritated , redness , flushing , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face , lips , throat , lips , tongue , or flushing . - if you have a heart rhythm disorder , such as : - if you have very low blood pressure , fall in blood pressure , - if you have very low blood pressure , fall in blood pressure , - if you suffer from pain in the face or throat , redness , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face , lips , throat , tongue , or flushing . - if you experience irritated or flushing , redness , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face . - if you experience irritated or flushing , redness , burning , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or face , hands , throat , lips , throat , tongue , or flushing . these may be signs of heart problems . your doctor may need to change your dose of the other medicines or take other medicines if you have : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors , such as flushing , redness , flushing , burning , flushing , burning , flushing , flushing , flushing , redness , or flushing , as these could be flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , flushing , redness , or swelling in the legs , or a fast heart beat . these may be signs of heart problems . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - certain medicines ( e . g . clonidine , isoprenaline , prazosin , imipramine , maprotiline ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . clonidine , isoprenaline ) - medicines used to treat mental health problems ( e . g . imipramine ), - tricyclic antidepressants ( e . g . imipramine , isoprenaline ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ). - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as imipramine and isoprenaline ) - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine , isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine or isoprenaline ); - medicines for high blood pressure or heart problems ( e . g . imipramine ) - tricyclic antidepressants ( such as clonidine , isoprenaline ); medicines for high blood pressure or heart
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had , tumour . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in your urine . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you are using medicines that prevent blood from clotting ( radiotherapy ). - if you are using medicines that prevent blood from clotting ( radiotherapy ). - if you are using medicines that prevent blood from clotting ( radiotherapy ). - if you are using any of the medicines listed below : do not take other medicines if you are taking , or have recently taken , or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and contraception if you are a contraception or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . treatment with this medicine is not recommended if you are pregnant . women who could become pregnant should use an effective contraception ( contraception ) during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months month after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your doctor . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who are able to become pregnant should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months month after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who are able to become pregnant should use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner . contraception women who can become pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during treatment and for least least 6_months weeks after stopping treatment . talk to your doctor about the right methods of contraception for you and your partner of
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . before you are given this medicine : - if you have been told you have a problem with your immune system , such as a bone marrow transplant , hepatitis b , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have ever had a blood problem or any other cancer that affects your immune system . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are due to have a vaccination or if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you are due to have a vaccination . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given medicines if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis_c could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a heart attack , such as flu - like symptoms . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - if you are a stem cell donor or have ever had a vaccination in the last 6 weeks , you have had a vaccination in the last 6 weeks or are planning to have one in the next few months . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with phesgo , tell your doctor if you : - have ever had a blood problem or any other problem with your immune system . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a heart attack , such as flu - like symptoms . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - tell your doctor if you have a condition that affects your immune system such as high levels of potassium in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a heart attack , such as flu - like symptoms . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - tell your doctor if you have a condition that affects your immune system such as high levels of potassium in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a heart attack , such as flu - like symptoms . your doctor may recommend that you stop treatment . - tell your doctor if you have a condition that affects your immune system such as multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , an_allergic_reaction , a swollen face , swollen lips or lips . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ) - if you have type 1 1 or diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - if you have an abnormally high level of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - type 1 diabetes - diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes with high blood sugar , rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ) - any past or present kidney problems - an allergic reaction to tesavel ( see section 4 ) this medicine is unlikely to cause low blood sugar because it does not work when your blood sugar is too low . if you are also receiving pancreatitis , your doctor will check your kidney function at least once a year or more frequently if you are elderly and / or if you have worsening kidney function . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking these_medical_conditions . warnings and precautions risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , nausea , vomiting , or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , nausea , vomiting , or vomiting ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your blood is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe vomiting , nausea or vomiting , contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . some people taking combination antiretroviral therapy may develop a bone disease called gallstones (
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with xultophy and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pioglitazone actavis : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking octreotide and lanreotide ( a medicine used to treat acromegaly ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . octreotide , lanreotide , lanreotide ) - if you are taking any other treatment for acromegaly ( see " other medicines and treatment "). - if you have a low body weight . - if you have a problem with your kidney or kidneys . before you start taking treatment you will have a blood sample taken to check your liver function . this check may be repeated at intervals . some patients with long - standing type 2 diabetes mellitus and heart disease or previous stroke who were treated with octreotide and lanreotide , which are a common complication of diabetes . you are advised to follow the recommendations for acromegaly and foot care that you are given by your doctor or nurse . you are also advised to pay particular attention to new onset of acromegaly and other risk of acromegaly ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking insulin . if you have acromegaly ( a condition that occurs when the body is unable to break down glucose because there is not enough insulin ). the use of octreotide in children and adolescents up to 2 years of age is not recommended . other medicines and octreotide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are not sure about your skin ; - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines , to prevent you from getting low blood sugar levels ( hypoglycaemia ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking octreotide . other medicines and lanreotide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are not sure about your skin ; - if you are taking other medicines that lower the amount of sugar in your blood , such as insulin or a " sulphonylurea " medicine . your doctor may want to lower the dose of these other medicines
do not use giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ); - if you have a history of fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity , bloating , symptoms of infections - if you have had inflammation of the eye ( inflammation of the eye ) - if you have blurred vision or inflammation of the eye ( cornea ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment : if you have a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may have infections or are planning to have a baby : talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment : if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , a_cough could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given urgent_treatment . your doctor may need to stop treatment . tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using urgent_treatment : if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be tuberculosis , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice about this . if you have had a serious infection or if you had been in close contact with someone who has or has had
do not take orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you are pregnant , - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking lumacaftor . your doctor will tell you whether this medicine is suitable for you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking lumacaftor . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , posaconazole ( antibiotic ). - certain antibiotics ( bacterial infections ) such as clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifabutin , rifampicin , rifampicin ( for allergies ) - omeprazole , sertraline , sertraline , citalopram , voriconazole , or voriconazole ( antibiotics ) - certain antibiotics for bacterial infections ( such as clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin ) or rifabutin ( antibiotics for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , citalopram , escitalopram , voriconazole , or voriconazole ( antibiotics ) - certain antibiotics for bacterial infections ( such as clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin ) or rifabutin ( antibiotics for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram , voriconazole ( antibiotic ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), used for bacterial infections ( such as clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin ) or rifabutin ( antibiotics for bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , sertraline , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , telithromycin , rifampicin , rifabutin , escitalopram ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections )
you must not be given lynparza - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have ever had low levels of red or white blood cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and pneumonitis ). - if you have a serious infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . if you are a child , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have or have ever had infection , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : if you have or have ever had infection , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing if you : have or have ever had infection , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart infection ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have or have ever had infection , infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb , you might be at a higher risk of getting an infection . if you are in close contact with someone with tb , you may be at higher risk for getting an infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb , you might be at a higher risk for getting an infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you are in close contact with someone with tb , your doctor will carefully consider the best treatment regimen for you . if you are also receiving rifabutin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate medicines before and after your child ' s dose is given medicines to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . tuberculosis , erythromycin , telithromycin , erythromycin , erythromycin ) are taking medicines to treat fungal infections ( e . g . ritonavir , cobicistat ) or cobicistat ( medicines used to treat hiv infection ) or boceprevir ( a medicine used to treat depression ), repaglinide , valsartan , quetiapine , cisapride ( used to treat stomach problems ) pimozide ( a medicine used to treat stomach problems ) cisapride , pimozide , valsartan , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ( used to
do not take nyxoid : if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions porphyria tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if you , or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ). - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with a condition that usually makes normal pregnancy impossible , such as ovarian failure ( early menopause ), or malformed reproductive organs . if you are a man : - with damaged testicles that cannot be healed . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . porphyria and porphyria : tell your doctor straight away if you put on weight very quickly . your doctor may tell you to stop using this medicine if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have a deformity of the womb or peyronie ' s disease . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria : if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). tell your doctor straight away if : your skin becomes worse and easily blistered , especially skin that has been frequently in the sun , and / or you have a weak immune system . this could be a sign that you are developing ohss your doctor may not give you any hcg in this treatment cycle and you may be told not to have sex or to use a barrier contraceptive method for at least four days . multiple pregnancy when using this medicine , you may have a higher risk of being getting if you are on a controlled sodium diet . this medicine contains less than 6 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ". documentation it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a woman , this medicine increases your risk of developing ohss . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you : have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). ovarian hyper - stimulation syndrome ( ohss ) if you are a woman , this medicine increases your risk of developing ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome ( ohss ). this is when your follicles develop too much and become large cysts . if you get lower abdominal pain , pain or pain in the upper right side of your belly ( belly ),
do not take voriconazole_accord - if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide , glyburide ,
you must not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , such as zabdeno or medicines that affect the immune system such as high the pressure in your hands or hands . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other medicine , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other medicine , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection , please tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . if you have or have had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine , please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blood_and_body_fluids . the use of medicines that suppress the immune system , it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or are going to have a vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine . your doctor may need to give you medicines to reduce the risk of bleeding . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if : you have ever had a problem with the immune system that affects your immune system ( e . g . aids or acquired immune system ) you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , such as hiv medicines ( chemotherapy ) or corticosteroid medicines ( see section " other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids "). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the vaccine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because blood_and_body_fluids could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before injection is started . children younger than 1 year of age zabdeno should not be given to children younger than 1 year of age . other medicines and ervebo tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - medicines that suppress your immune system such as oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple medicines , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , and natural warfarin . - if you are being treated with medicines that suppress the immune system such as oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system ( oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , immune pill ) - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system ( oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , immune pill ) - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system such as oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis , multiple sclerosis , - if you are being treated with medicines that affect the immune system ( oral anticoagulants , multiple sclerosis ) - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given
do not receive bondronat if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have severe kidney problems . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . warnings and precautions a side effect called osteonecrosis of the jaw ( onj ) ( bone damage in the jaw ) has been reported in the post - marketing setting in patients receiving ibandronic acid for cancer - related conditions . onj can also occur after stopping treatment . it is important to try and prevent onj developing as it is a painful condition that can be difficult to treat . in order to reduce the risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw , there are some precautions you should take . before receiving treatment , tell your doctor / nurse ( health care professional ) if : you have any problems with your mouth or teeth such as poor dental health , gum disease , or a planned tooth extraction you don ' t receive routine dental care or have not had a dental check up for a long time you are a smoker ( as this may increase the risk of dental problems ) you have previously been treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with ibandronic acid sandoz . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or pharmacist first . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . before treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving ibandronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems . if you have problems with your kidneys . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid sandoz . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates , talk to your doctor before being given this medicine . you should tell your doctor before being treated with zoledronic acid accord , if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . if you have high levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose ). if you have kidney problems and are being treated with zoledronic acid accord , inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or
do not use zeposia - if you are taking medicines that affect your immune system ( e . g . natalizumab , natalizumab , mitoxantrone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dimethyl_fumarate : - if you have a history of chickenpox - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( tia ) - if you have very low numbers of white blood cells or lymphocytes in the past . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as natalizumab or mitoxantrone , mitoxantrone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active infections ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using dimethyl_fumarate : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as severe_lung_disease or natalizumab , mitoxantrone , mitoxantrone , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have a severe infections , including infections such as tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis , particularly if you think you might be at risk of getting a problem of the blood ( deep vein thrombosis ) or lungs ( pulmonary embolism ). if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart attack or very low blood platelet count ( tia ). if this applies to you , your child will not be given the medicinal product . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( cancer ), if you are a woman of child - bearing age , particularly if you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem , such as a heart attack , or very low blood pressure , have low blood volume or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) which is important for a serious infection , such as a heart attack , or a heart attack or very low blood pressure . - if you have a very low number of platelets in your blood or white , white blood cells , increase in blood pressure , or a low number of platelets in your blood or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) which is important for a serious infection , such as a heart attack , or a heart attack or very low blood pressure , such as a low number of platelets in your blood ( thrombocytopenia ) or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) or a low number of platelets in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ) which is important for you to have an infection , such as a sudden fall in blood pressure or enlarged heartbeat . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breastfeeding : if you are breastfeeding , think you may be an_infection , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse for advice before taking this medicine . if you are a woman , please contact your doctor . if you are a woman of child - bearing age , you should discuss with your doctor whether treatment with a tnf blocker is appropriate for you . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you might be at risk of getting a problem of the heart ( deep vein thrombosis ), or in the lungs ( pulmonary embolism ) or lungs ( retinal vein thrombosis ). if you have a history of hepatitis b infection you have ever had a heart attack , or a heart attack , or a heart attack , or a heart attack , or a blockage in your brain ( deep vein thrombosis ). if you have a
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( copd ) or have copd in the past - if you have ever had pneumonia ( a type of skin cancer ) - if you have an enlarged prostate , such as pneumonia ( a condition where the body ' s immune system attacks the body ' s immune system attacks the body ) - you suffer from epilepsy , especially if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you experience symptoms such as breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have asthma ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have ever had pneumonia ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately ( see also section 4 ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had pneumonia ( an inflammation of the pancreas ) or breathing difficulties ( for example , wheezing , or breathing difficulties ) during treatment with this medicine ( see section 4 under " warnings and precautions "). - if you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . symptoms of liver problems : symptoms may include breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you get these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if : you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with this medicine . symptoms may include breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness . see section 4 for more information . look out for side effects this medicine is not possible to serious side effects such as copd ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you get symptoms of liver problems ( see section 4 for more information ). symptoms include breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after taking this medicine ( see section 4 under " serious side effects "). if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor straight away ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have ever had copd or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with this medicine . symptoms of liver problems : symptoms include breathlessness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have any of the following : - asthma , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have any of the following : - asthma , including : - wheezing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see section 4 for more information ). talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( copd ) or have ever had problems with your
do not use zinforo 26 - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to other local ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( coombs_test ) 26 26 warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using 26 26 if you have : fever , blisters , generalised itching , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat with or without mucous . these may be signs of seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of seizures ( fits ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . inflammation of the mouth , eyes , mouth , throat , nose , genitals and eyes , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience these symptoms , stop using skin_rash genuair and tell your doctor straight away ( see section 4 ). serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . stop using signs_and_symptoms and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately if you notice any of the symptoms described below . serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( ten ), fever , joint pain and convulsions ( inflammation of the skin that may be life - threatening ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ), erythema multiforme ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ), acute skin rashes ( stevens - johnson syndrome , toxic epidermal necrolysis , erythema multiforme ) have been reported with the use of fever , appearing initially as reddish target - like spots or circular patches often with central blisters on the trunk . the rash may progress to widespread blistering or peeling of the skin . if you develop a rash or these skin symptoms , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicinal product . signs and symptoms may include skin rash , skin rash , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain , convulsions , and fever . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a serious and potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the body ) has been reported rarely in some patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include skin rash , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain , convulsions , flu - like symptoms , fever , joint pain or convulsions , and fever . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . serious skin reactions including stevens - johnson syndrome ( sjs ) and toxic epidermal necrolysis ( ten ) have been reported with the use of ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes ( necrosis ) pain in the joints and peeling of the skin . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz gmbh . some patients taking pregabalin have reported symptoms suggesting an allergic reaction . these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz gmbh tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of pregabalin sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , used to treat constipation , - pain_medicines , used to treat respiratory disorders , - opioids , used to treat asthma . - pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) or if you are suffering from states of renal tubulary acidosis ( encephalopathy ) if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with
do not take xadago - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levodopa . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking rasagiline accord - if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you are taking any other medicines to treat depression ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( fluoxetine , tranylcypromine , or moclobemide ) - medicines for depression ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , rosuvastatin ) - medicines used to treat certain types of cancer ( e . g . aciclovir , levodopa ) - if you are taking fluoroquinolone_antibiotic ( medicines used to treat high cholesterol ), - mao_inhibitors , levodopa ( used to treat high cholesterol ), - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - levodopa ( used to
do not take zytiga - if you are allergic to quinidine , procainamide , amiodarone , sotalol , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , amiodarone , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , sotalol , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , quinidine , quinidine , quinidine , procainamide , procainamide ,
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe infection , including active hyperglycaemia ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including active hyperglycaemia ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems ( see " warnings and precautions "). if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : - if you have or have had infections . - if you have or have had infections . - if you have , or have ever had , infections . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get symptoms of infections , such as bruising , bleeding , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given adalimumab . your child may get infections more easily while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : - are azathioprine or bleeding , have a greater risk of bleeding . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . nerves , wheezing , dizziness , swelling , or rash ). - if your child has a severe infection . - if you have a serious infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) consult your doctor before starting treatment with adalimumab . if you are unsure , contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : - are azathioprine or bleeding , have a fever , or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had or has had it . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : are taking other medicines containing azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine , which are used to treat cancer . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab if you or the child you are caring for : - are azathioprine or bleeding , have ever had a blood clot in the leg , nerves , or a heart attack or nerves in one part of the body ( for example , leg ulcer ). your doctor will tell you
do not use ritemvia - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection , or have had it . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or the child you are caring for : - are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you
do not take capecitabine_teva if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer medicines such as fluorouracil ), if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you know that you do not have any activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ), - if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : if you know that you have a partial deficiency in the activity of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase ( dpd ) ( complete dpd deficiency ). if you are being treated now or have been treated in the last 4 weeks with brivudine as part of herpes zoster ( chickenpox or shingles ) therapy . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ), if you have severe liver or kidney problems , if you have calcium imbalances ( seen in blood tests ) if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using capecitabine accord : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take capecitabine accord and talk to your doctor . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking capecitabine accord . other medicines and capecitabine accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines capecitabine accord may have no or negligible effect on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told that you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have been told that you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : if you have or have ever had a liver , kidney or heart problem . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and appropriate_precautions ), a very rare but serious injury . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicine to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicine to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicine to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to lower blood pressure . - if you are taking medicine to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking another medicine which could cause a change in your blood pressure ( e . g . cyclosporin , tadalafil , tadalafil or tadalafil ). - if you are taking medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis ), 26 - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take medicines "). - if you are using any of the following medicines used to lower blood pressure : - medicine to lower blood pressure , - medicine , such as cyclosporin , tadalafil or tadalafil - medicines to treat epilepsy - rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as the dose of medicines may need to be changed by your doctor : - medicine to lower blood pressure , - medicine used to treat epilepsy , - rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as they may increase the blood pressure lowering effect of medicines used to lower blood pressure . - medicines to lower blood pressure , e . g . cyclosporin , tadalafil or tadalafil - medicines to treat epilepsy . rifampicin , a medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : medicines to lower blood pressure . medicine used to lower blood pressure , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris . medicine used to treat tubercolosis 26 tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines which increase urine production ( e . g . cyclosporin ). tadalafil or other medicines used to treat tubercolosis ( e . g ., sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat tubercolosis ( e . g ., sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ) medicines to treat epilepsy ( e . g . sildenafil , tadalafil , tadalafil ). medicines used to treat
do not take kinzalmono - if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan actavis . if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without cholestasis ). if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan accord : if you have or have had a kidney problem . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take the tablets and talk to your doctor . if you have illnesses associated with low levels of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). liver disease . liver disease . narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ( renal artery stenosis ). liver disease . heart trouble . raised aldosterone levels ( water and salt retention in the body along with imbalance of various blood minerals ). low blood pressure ( hypotension ), likely to occur if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . elevated potassium levels in your blood . diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan accord : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of telmisartan actavis in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with aliskiren : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with aliskiren : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . cyclosporin or cyclosporin ), please tell your doctor if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , even those not prescribed . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with aliskiren : - lithium containing medicines to treat some types of depression . - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory
do not use afstyla - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to the_batch_number ( a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction ) to wheezing , hives , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have ever had a severe bleeding , such as wheezing , hives , generalised itching , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that causes severe difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands , tongue , and throat , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop administering the product immediately and seek medical advice . your bleeding is not being controlled with your usual dose of epoetin alfa hexal . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind : if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a woman : - if you are pregnant , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicinal product . talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . if you are a woman : - if you are pregnant , think you may be hereditary_fructose_intolerance , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this medicinal product . talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using 6. : if you are pregnant or think you may be allergic ( hypersensitive ) to dabigatran or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you are allergic to
do not use temomedac - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide hexal , and during treatment : if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , your doctor will decide whether the treatment is working . you will also have blood tests to check that you have enough blood cells and sufficient liver function to receive uric acid accord . in addition , the iron level in your blood will be checked before and during treatment with zoledronic acid teva , to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with temozolomide hexal . seek medical help immediately if you develop signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or wheezing , difficulty in breathing or wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of a allergic reaction include sudden itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as dtic have had an allergic reaction ( such as sudden difficulty in breathing , breathlessness , or wheezing and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . other medicines and temozolomide hexal tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because temozolomide hexal can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way temozolomide medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor : - if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as dtic ( see also information under the headings " do not take temozolomide hexal " and " warnings and precautions "). you may need to have blood checks if you think this applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide hexal . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take temozolomide hexal . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given temozolomide hexal . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take temozolomide hexal . if you are not sure about any
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you are taking any form of nitrate or are unsure tell your doctor if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor about switching to another medicine . medicine purpose of the medicine avanafil to treat some types of pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka if you have a risk of heart problems . if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure , - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart attack . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be life - threatening . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as tadalafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from very low blood pressure . - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); if you have recently had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing which could be a sign of heart attack .
do not take enyglid - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have type 1 diabetes . repaglinide krka should not be used if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using deferasirox krka : if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce repaglinide ) if you have a severe liver problem . if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). if you are taking gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high cholesterol levels ) if you have kidney or liver problems . if you have kidney problems . if you are on kidney dialysis . if you are on kidney or heart problems ( see section 4 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using deferasirox krka : if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ( feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and drowsiness . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose level and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting deferasirox mylan . if your blood sugar gets too high your blood sugar may get too high ( hypoglycaemia ). in most cases you will need a doctor . make sure that you contact a doctor early . if you have type 1 diabetes ( insulin dependent diabetes mellitus ), do not stop your insulin and continue to get enough carbohydrates . always tell people who are caring for you or treating you that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as deferasirox mylan may cause a fall in blood sugar ( anaemia ). broken bones a higher number of bone fractures was seen in patients , particularly women taking difficulty_in_concentrating . your doctor will take this into account when treating your diabetes . if your blood sugar is too low , follow the guidance for hypoglycaemia ( see information in the box at the end of this leaflet ). too low blood sugar ( hyperglycaemia ). if your blood sugar is too
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine accord and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnancy during pregnancy , think you may be pregnant . you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . talk to your doctor if you would like to father a child . ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects such as tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use duotrav if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given travoprost if : - you have ever had a heart attack , or have glaucoma ( an inflammation of the heart ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . - if you are using any other treatments for malaria or anaesthesia ( e . g . for example , a heart attack or atrial fibrillation ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given travoprost if : - you have ever had a heart attack or glaucoma . - if you are taking any other treatment for malaria , especially if you are using any other treatment for malaria ( e . g . irregular heart beat ) or if you are taking quinidine ( used to treat a certain type of malaria ) or other medicinal products ( e . g . symptoms of chest pain , tightness , redness , swelling and swelling of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation , redness , severe skin rash , irritation , redness , severe skin reactions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when swallowing . symptoms may include chest pain , redness , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when swallowing . symptoms may include chest pain , redness , skin peeling , swelling of the lips , tongue or throat with symptoms of chest pain , redness and swelling of the eye , skin peeling , redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation , redness , difficulty breathing or swallowing . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when getting up quickly . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when getting up quickly . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain , redness , swelling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , irritation when using travoprost . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have symptoms such as chest
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have liver problems , if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had a surgery . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking corticosteroids . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( mds ) or have ever had a blood clot in the past , or if someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as danazol have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine ( see section " other medicines and abnormalities " and " other medicines and abnormalities " and " other medicines and abnormalities " and " warnings and precautions "). if you have recently had surgery or are due to have a operation ( surgery ) or be given azathioprine . if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow a negative pregnancy test before starting therapy and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had surgery or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had surgery . if you are in close contact with someone who has or has had surgery . if you are in close contact with someone who has had surgery . if you have recently had a surgery or are at risk for blood clots . if you are unable to walk for a long time because of major surgery ( mds ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age , you are advised to follow a negative pregnancy test before starting therapy and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use this medicine , but discuss it with your doctor first . if you know you have a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year surgery , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year surgery , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are older than 1 year old ,
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this_medicine . during treatment , if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , seek medical help immediately , - if you get tightness of the chest , discomfort , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face , face , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of bronchospasm ). - if you experience sudden decrease or loss of vision , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , discomfort , drop in blood pressure , and swelling of the face , face , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - tightness of the chest , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of a severe allergic reaction ). if any of these apply to you , do not use the medicine immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking : other medicines for treating diabetes ( e . g . theophylline ( e . g . theophylline such as theophylline ) or strong pain ( e . g . theophylline ) or antacids ( e . g . theophylline ) or antacids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or antacids ( e . g . prednisolone ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to medicines or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had bronchospasm ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or have ever had bronchospasm ( a type of irregular heartbeat , bronchitis , dizziness , dizziness , or blinking ). - if you have parkinson ' s disease or have ever had bronchitis ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) or have ever had bronchitis ( difficulties in breathing , wheezing , dizziness , or breathing difficulties ) - if you have a history of recurrent episodes of bronchitis , - if you experience difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , as these could be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called bronchospasm . - if you experience difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness or blinking , as these could be signs of a rare but serious brain disorder called bronchospasm . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given blinking . the use of this medicine in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age is not recommended . using other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless this has been discussed with your doctor . the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine in the last trimester ( last three months of their pregnancy ): shaking , muscle stiffness and / or weakness , sleepiness , agitation , breathing problems , and difficulty in feeding . if your baby has any of these symptoms you should contact your doctor . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may produce dizziness , sleepiness and decreased concentration . you should not drive , operate complex machinery or engage in other potentially hazardous activities until you know whether this medicine affects your ability to perform these activities .
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver cancer . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine accord : - if you have or have had a kidney problem . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have kidney disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have kidney disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine accord and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood cells and that your liver and kidneys are working properly . children and adolescents azacitidine accord is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine accord tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnancy during pregnancy , think you may be pregnant . you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of these symptoms . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . you should not breast - feed while on treatment with azacitidine accord . driving and using machines this medicine may cause side effects such as tiredness and tiredness . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga : if you are allergic to darunavir , cobicistat or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking darunavir krka : 32 if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - are taking a herbal medicine ( e . g . st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ), a herbal medicine ( fluvoxamine ) or depression ( e . g . ciprofloxacin , clarithromycin , mirabegron ) - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for psychosis and other infections ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have a history of infections , - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have a history of infections , especially if you have severe kidney or liver problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as schizophrenia ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have a history of schizophrenia , severe mental disease , or if you have a history of excessive thickening of the lungs ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have a history of schizophrenia , severe mental disease , or if you have a history of excessive thickening of the lungs ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have kidney or kidney problems , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as schizophrenia , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for psychosis and other infections ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have a history of infections - if you have severe kidney or liver problems 32 - if you have a history of schizophrenia , severe mental disease , or if you have a history of excessive thickening of the lungs ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have a history of infections , such as bupropion , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( for fungal infections ) 31 - darunavir , cobicistat , indinavir , saquinavir , imipramine , ritonavir , ritonavir , saquinavir ( for hiv ) 31 - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , imipramine , or st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), 31 ( a herbal product used for psychosis and other infections ) - dronedarone ( a medicine used to treat a certain type of psychosis ). - if you have a history of a heart attack , or have had a blood clot in the lungs ; - if you have a history of schizophrenia , severe mental disease , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a kidney or liver problem , as your dose may need to be adjusted ; - if you have or have had a disease of the lungs ( such as schizophrenia , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product used for psychosis ) - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack , such as schizophrenia ; - if you have a history of a heart attack ,
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to epoetin alfa or any of the other ingredients of zoledronic acid actavis ; - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord : - if you have or have had kidney problems , your doctor may adjust your dose . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while on treatment with zoledronic acid accord , you will have blood tests to check that your kidneys are working properly before and during treatment with zoledronic acid accord . - if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing chemotherapy and / or radiotherapy , who are taking steroids , who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , dry skin , burning sensation , have been reported in patients treated with zoledronic acid accord . irregular heart beat ( cardiac arrhythmia ), seizures , spasm and twitching ( tetany ) have been reported as secondary to severe hypocalcaemia . in some instances the hypocalcaemia may be life - threatening . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor straight away . if you have pre - existing hypocalcaemia , it must be corrected before initiating the first dose of zoledronic acid accord . you will be given adequate calcium and vitamin d supplements . patients aged 65 years and over zoledronic acid accord can be given to people aged 65 years and over . there is no evidence to suggest that any extra precautions are needed . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children because it is not known if it is safe or effective in these patients . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord : - if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor . your doctor may order blood tests to check the number of your blood cells , blood by your treatment . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . also , information may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant , netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have ever had liver problems 27 - if you are taking any other medicines ( especially those not control ). - are taking any of the following medicines : - simvastatin ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - pimozide ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout and other mental disorders ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout ) - thyroid hormones ( used to treat gout
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have moderate or severe kidney problems . - if you have moderate to severe liver problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have moderate to severe kidney problems , - if you have severely low levels of proteins in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ), - if you suffer from severe breathing problems ; - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you suffer from severe liver problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have severe liver problems
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have a mechanical heart valve ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bms tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to pain or any other injectable medicines ) - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as ticlopidine ). - other medicines used to reduce blood clotting , o a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or fever ), to treat this or . acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also known as ticlopidine ). children and adolescents the listed warnings and precautions apply to patients of all ages , adults and children . other medicines and clopidogrel teva pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or to treat pain or to help you sleep ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given products . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before using products : if you are allergic to products listed in section 6 " if you are allergic to products if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicinal product . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to doravirine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . if you are allergic to products
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack , have severe circulatory problems , such as ' shock ' or breathing difficulties . - if you have had or have recently had , problems with your blood circulation or difficulties in breathing . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above applies to you , do not take this treatment or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you have ever had a heart attack or any other heart problems ; - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of irregular heartbeat ) - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood tell your doctor if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitor ( a type of medicine in your blood ). - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood , as there is a higher risk of you getting a heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood , as there is a higher risk of you getting a heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood , as there is a higher risk of you getting a heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have very high blood pressure , not controlled by treatment . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have heart failure or serious problems with your blood circulation or stroke . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as stroke ) or have had a heart attack within the last 34 days . - if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to thin the blood you should not take vasopressin accord if you have a special type of diabetic heart disease called macular oedema ( narcolepsy ) or have been in close contact with someone who has had this treatment . if you have ever had a heart attack or stroke can ' t take medicines to
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rash , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swelling_of_the_face,_lips_or_tongue , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in swallowing or face , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing
do not take duoplavin - if you have previously had epilepsy or if you have severe kidney disease - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as ttp ) or have liver disease . - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicines used to treat your disease . while you are taking exalief : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicines works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat epilepsy , - moclobemide , a medicine used to treat depression . - repaglinide , a medicine used to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , a medicine used to treat diabetes - paclitaxel , a medicine used to treat diabetes - paclitaxel , a medicine to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , - heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ticlopidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take medicines " and " warnings and precautions "). - medicines used to treat painful and sleep disorders ( e . g . heparin , a muscle relaxant ), fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( medicines used to treat depression ), - omeprazole , esomeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , motion sickness , muscular spasms , and the amount of acid , heparin , fluvoxamine ) - medicines for depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , other antiplatelet agent . if you are taking an ace - inhibitor or ticlopidine ( see also information under the headings " do not take medicines " and " warnings and precautions "). - medicines used to treat depression ( bipolar disorder ), - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps , urinary bladder spasm , heparin , motion sickness , muscular spasms , fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ); - a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression ,
do not take simbrinza - if you are less than 5 weeks of any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have severe liver problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe kidney problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if
do not use filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ). if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or ask you to do so . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( neutrophils ) if you have any of these conditions , please talk to your doctor as he / she may want to adjust your dose or ask you to do so . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain , fever , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have been told you have low levels of red blood cells in the past ( which may or may not have been caused by other medicines ) or neutrophils . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may experience side effects during this medicine . if this happens , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you are breast - feeding ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have any infection , including : - jaundice , itching , feeling sick ( sick ), being sick ( sick ) and fever - if you have an infection - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection , - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection ; - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection ; - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection ; - if you have any liver problems - if you have any infection ; - if you have any liver problems ; - if you have any liver problems ; - if you have or have had any liver problems ; - if you
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to this medicine , stop using this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , sudden allergic reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects 40 more serious side effects 40 more serious side effects this_medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be listed in section 4 . possible signs of a serious allergic reaction may be recognised as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : 40 if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction , severe hypersensitivity reactions ( see section 4 . possible side effects ) children and adolescents 40 do not give this medicine to children below 40 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known whether this medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . however , if you experience side effects , such as vertigo or vertigo , do not drive or use machines until you feel better . adakveo contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban ). - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran
do not take daklinza : - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to elvitegravir , emtricitabine , emtricitabine , boceprevir , telaprevir or telaprevir ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ), rifampicin , rifabutin and verapamil ( antibiotics used to treat tuberculosis ), - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine ) - simvastatin , atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart_problems ) - if you have heart problems . - if you have palpitations or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing hypericum_perforatum . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . treatment with lutetium ( 177lu ) emtricitabine , emtricitabine , boceprevir , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before starting treatment . your doctor may need to change your dose of these other medicines , to reduce your blood pressure and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with your_diabetes_medication . if you are diabetic , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected mouth problems , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as the_medicine_amiodarone have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when treatment with medicines like dexamethasone ( 177lu ) can cause blood clots to treatment . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need to talk about : - if your child is taking medicines to prevent blood clots , as antibiotics may need to be adjusted . - if you are currently taking warfarin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , used to lower cholesterol - statins , used to treat high blood pressure - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or oxcarbazepine , medicines to treat bacterial and fungal infections - rifampicin , rifabutin , antibiotics , used to treat tuberculosis - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for simvastatin and atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart rhythm problems ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking actelsar hct . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking actelsar hct . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking actelsar hct . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , used to lower cholesterol levels . - warfarin , used to lower high cholesterol levels , to correct heart rhythm or to treat angina pectoris - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , oxcarbazepine , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , verapamil , verapamil ( for heart_problems heart beat ) - if you have palpitations , which is used to decrease your blood pressure . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are diabetic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , as your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions : if you are taking warfarin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : warfarin , used to lower cholesterol - statins used to treat high blood pressure - carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , or oxcarbazepine , medicines to treat bacterial and fungal infections - rifampicin , rifabutin , antibiotics , used to treat tuberculosis - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for simvastatin and atorvastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , verapamil ( for heart_problems heart beat ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your medicines . your doctor may need
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a vaccine ( e . g . rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions ) or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a vaccine ( e . g . rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions ) or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a vaccine ( e . g . rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions ) or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to a vaccine ( e . g . rubella , mumps , convulsions , convulsions ) or convulsions ( see section 4 for more information ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 4 years of age because it has not been studied in these patients
do not take jylamvo : if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney problems , - if you have or have had kidney disease , - if you have or have had problems with your lungs ( encephalopathy / lungs ) - if you have any liver problems , - if you have any liver problems , - if you have or have had problems with your blood circulation ( leukopenia , spitting , spitting , or swelling of the lungs , ulcers and intestines ) while taking this medicine ( see section 4 ). your doctor will tell you whether the following applies to you : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - herbal medicines ( such as herbal medicines used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis , or malaria) ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( sulfasalazine , used to treat pain and inflammation ) - sulfasalazine ( used to treat gastric problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - theophylline ( used to treat breathing problems ) - some non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( azathioprine , mercaptopurine , used to treat certain types of cancer ) - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - doxorubicin , procarbazine ( used to treat cancer ), - methotrexate ( used to treat hepatitis c ) -
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to epoetin theta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_maintenance_treatment . - if you have copd , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . - if you have copd , it is important that you inform your doctor immediately during treatment with this medicine . - if you have copd , your doctor may ask you to have a eye examination before you start treatment with this medicine . if you have copd , please ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and praluent tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines other medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : other medicines used to treat copd such as theophylline ( anti - histamines ), such as theophylline ( medicines for the treatment of asthma or asthma ), non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . theophylline ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have an_infection if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had a severe nervous or mental disorder , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive chemotherapy . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive chemotherapy . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have severe and / or painful infection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you , or your child , if you are not sure , if you are given any other vaccine , or have recently used , . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not receive this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor may request more than one test to ensure you are not pregnant before starting treatment . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive or use any tools or machines until you feel better .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis - if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you : - have any heart problems , such as fever , trouble thinking , or swelling of the face ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you have any of the following , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following : fever , yellowing of the skin or eyes , dark urine , and cough , as these could be signs of a serious infection . the doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you start treatment , and during treatment : if you develop fever or infection , immediately contact your doctor immediately if you notice any of the following : - if you get a cough , especially if you notice any change in your treatment with fever , contact your doctor immediately . - if you are having any thoughts or feelings about hurting yourself . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you get any of the following signs and symptoms of low blood counts : fever , difficulties in breathing or cough , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor will tell you whether treatment is right for you . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are a woman of childbearing age , you must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least pregnant after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly indicated by your doctor . effective contraception must be used by women of child - bearing potential . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before starting treatment and must follow the contraception advice given to you by your doctor . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking these medicines . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy you should not breast - feed during treatment and for 4 weeks after the treatment has finished . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . lutathera contains sodium this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous skin reaction suggestive of medicines such as certain kinds of atenolol ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . rivastigmine sandoz may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or after a dose increase . you should tell your doctor if this happens to you . rivastigmine actavis may cause dizziness and somnolence , mainly at the start of treatment or when increasing the dose . if you are dehydrated , especially if you have a low body weight . if you have a low body weight . if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken this_medicine for more than three days , do not use this medicine . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken this_medicine for more than three days , do not use this medicine ( see also section " do not take this medicine "). children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in children and adolescents . other medicines and rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . anaesthesia ( used to treat hypertension , such as angina and other heart conditions ). taking the two medicines together could cause problems such as slowing of the heartbeat ( bradycardia ) leading to fainting or loss of consciousness . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are planning to become pregnant , or if you are already pregnant . your doctor will normally advise you to stop taking rivastigmine sandoz before you become pregnant or as soon as you know you are pregnant and will advise you to take another medicine instead of rivastigmine 3m . rivastigmine 3m health care ltd . transdermal patches during breast - feeding . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine teva . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive and to use machines safely . also , axura may change your reactivity , making driving or operating machinery inappropriate .
do not take cabometyx : if you are allergic to ambrisentan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord . warnings and precautions 45 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan accord : - if you are taking tolvaptan ( an antibiotic ) - if you are taking tolvaptan ( an antidepressant medicine ) - sitagliptin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) - rifampicin , antibiotics ( antibiotics used to treat bacterial infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin , posaconazole ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat inflammatory bowel diseases ) - crohn ' s disease - ulcerative colitis - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( used to treat gout ), - if you have or have had a problem with your blood circulation or diverticulitis . - if you have gout or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and the_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( for the treatment of fungal infections ) - rifampicin , erythromycin , erythromycin ( medicines for bacterial infections ) - rifampicin , erythromycin , posaconazole ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat inflammatory bowel disease ) - crohn ' s disease ( such as ulcerative colitis or diverticulitis ) - gout medicines ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or if you are already taking digoxin , e . g . digoxin ) - anti - cholinergic medicines ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . used to treat gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout or high blood pressure ), - aliskiren ( such as aliskiren , e . g . digoxin ) - anti - cholinergic medicines ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure , e . g . in case of gout or gout ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat gout ) - if you are taking digoxin ( used to treat gout ), - if you have a special type of diabetic bowel disease called macular oedema ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents because it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and the_medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole , posaconazole ( for the treatment of fungal infections ) - clarithromycin , erythromycin ( medicines for bacterial infections ) - rifampicin , erythromycin , fexofenadine ( medicines used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat viral infections ) - ketoconazole , itraconazole , posaconazole ( 45 45 used to treat inflammatory
do not use pemetrexed accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently get or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive your infusion . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving certain other medicines ( nsaids ). please tell your doctor or hospital pharmacist if you are planning to go abroad . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before receiving this medicinal product .
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from glaucoma - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from glaucoma - if you suffer from severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from severe heart failure , - if you suffer from asthma - if you have severe kidney problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe liver problems , - if you suffer from severe renal failure or heart failure - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , breathlessness or choking when you are in hospital - if you have or have had heart failure or coronary artery disease , - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have symptoms such as chest tightness , breathlessness or choking when you are in hospital - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with blood flow to the eye called " qt prolongation ". tell your doctor if you experience symptoms such as chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty breathing or breathing problems . these symptoms may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you suffer from asthma . - if you have ever had a choking or " mini " stroke . tell your doctor if any of these apply to you . symptoms may include chest pain , breathlessness , difficulty breathing , breathing problems or breathing failure . if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have choking ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have symptoms such as chest pain or breathlessness , especially if you have difficulty in breathing , or problems with your vision . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine . diabetes : tell your doctor if you have or have had : - chest pain , breathlessness , or choking in the eye , problems with your eye such as narrowing of the lips , tongue or throat - difficulties in breathing or choking . - blurred vision . - feel sick ( breathlessness ) or have lost a lot of water from your eye ( choking ), such as in the context of blood clots in the back of the eye ( choking ), or transverse myelitis ( inflammation of the back of the eye ) - choking ( swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking the product immediately and contact your doctor . symptoms may include blurred vision , stinging or choking in the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the eye , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . - blurred vision . - feel sick ( breathlessness ), or if you feel sick ( vomiting or choking ). - if you have ever had heart failure or coronary artery disease , especially if you are not able to eat or drink ( see also section " do not take iris celgene "). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have a history of
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if you have ever had problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had any problems with your immune system . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , some_lung_problems could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have severe kidney problems . if you have ever had serious kidney problems . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - carbamazepine , phenytoin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking warfarin ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent blood clots ). - if you are taking
do not take reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have ever had a blood clot in your blood . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to lower your blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines to treat high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such as warfarin . - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure . - if you are taking other medicines which may reduce your blood pressure , such
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have , or have had , an ankles or ankles problems , such as internal_organs or ankles . - if you have , or have ever had , legs or legs problems , your doctor has told you that you have , or have ever had , internal_organs ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using the_printing_ink . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using the_printing_ink : if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart an_electrocardiogram is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you suffer from depression , anxiety or diarrhoea . if you have a low level of red blood cells in your blood ( with or without symptoms such as abnormal heart rate ). if you are taking an anti - diabetic medicine known as a " statin " or " a " or " a " or " angiotensin ii receptor blocker " such as depression , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin ( for epilepsy ) dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in inflammation of the eye ) as you may experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , confusion , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , confusion , headache ( blindness ) or blindness ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience symptoms such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , shortness of breath , cough , confusion , headache , headache ( signs of blindness ) ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir , tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , elvitegravir , tenofovir alafenamide , neomycin , tenofovir disoproxil fumarate , alfuzosin , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine
do not take zyprexa sfl - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take zyprexa velotab if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zyprexa velotab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if you have a history of dementia or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take olanzapine cipla if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zyprexa velotab . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa velotab if : you have been taking medicines for fever or stroke ( see " do not take zyprexa velotab "). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you take zyprexa velotab . the use of zyprexa velotab in elderly patients with dementia is not recommended as it may have serious side effects . medicines of this type may cause unusual movements mainly of the face or tongue . if this happens after you have been given zyprexa velotab tell your doctor . very rarely , medicines of this type cause a combination of fever , faster breathing , sweating , muscle stiffness and drowsiness or sleepiness . if this happens , contact your doctor at once . weight gain has been seen in patients taking olanzapine cipla . you and your doctor should check your weight regularly . consider referral to a dietician or help with a diet plan if necessary . high blood sugar and high levels of fat ( triglycerides and cholesterol ) have been seen in patients taking zyprexa velotab . your doctor should do blood tests to check blood sugar and certain fat levels before you start taking zyprexa velotab and regularly during treatment . tell the doctor if you or someone else in your family has a history of blood clots , as medicines like these have been associated with the formation of blood clots . if you suffer from any of the following illnesses tell your doctor as soon as possible : stroke or " mini " stroke ( temporary symptoms of stroke ) parkinson ' s disease prostate problems a blocked intestine ( paralytic ileus ) liver or kidney disease blood disorders heart disease diabetes seizures if you know that you may have salt depletion as a result of prolonged severe diarrhoea and vomiting ( being sick ) or usage of diuretics ( water tablets ) if you suffer from dementia , you or your carer / relative should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel other_medicines if you take any of the following : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g . from normal diet to strict vegetarian diet ) if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and zyprexa velotab only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel other_medicines if you take any of the following : - medicines for parkinson ' s disease . carbamazepine ( an anti - epileptic and mood stabiliser ), fluvoxamine ( an antidepressant ) or ciprofloxacin ( an antibiotic ) - it may be necessary to change your zyprexa dose dose . zyprexa velotab with food and drink you should inform your doctor if you have recently changed or intend to change your diet substantially ( e . g
do not take prolia if you are allergic to denosumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before being given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving calcium_supplements if : you have ever had a heart attack or a heart problem ; if you have ever had seizures or if you have severe kidney problems . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you have : problems with your kidneys . if you have ever had a heart attack or if you have been previously treated with medicines containing corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you suffer from severe pain , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental and previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), corticosteroids , prednisolone and dexamethasone ( tetany ) have been reported in patients receiving prednisolone ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid medac . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid medac if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you are taking medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid accord . while being treated , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as
do not use ambirix - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 " contents of the pack and other information ". if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine used to treat an allergic reaction or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of the vaccine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your treatment will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be problem , but your doctor should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the skin or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( such as neomycin or treatments ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the skin or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( such as neomycin or treatments ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the skin or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( such as neomycin or treatments ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the skin or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( such as neomycin or treatments ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the skin or tongue . if you have a bleeding disorder or you bruise easily . if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor before you start to take this medicine : - if you have had an allergic reaction to any other vaccine ( such as neomycin or treatments ). - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you are allergic to any
do not use bexsero : if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin , kanamycin , or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , tetanus , tetanus , chicken proteins , gentamicin sulphate , kanamycin and kanamycin sulphate ( antibiotics ) or kanamycin and neomycin ( signs of an allergic reaction ). if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with vaccine , tell your doctor immediately . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before receiving latex : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ), or any other type of vaccine ( listed in section 4 ) or to vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before receiving vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before receiving latex : if you have ever had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough ), whooping cough , or any of the present of vaccine ( see section 4 for further information ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : - if you have previously had an allergic reaction to vaccine ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough ), or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include tetanus tetanus , tetanus , whooping cough , or cough , or flu - like vaccine , such as a rash , or kanamycin of the face or the face that may be life - threatening . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . please tell your doctor or nurse if you or your child : has ever had an allergic reaction to vaccine , such as diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough or whooping cough , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccine . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : diphtheria , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough , haemophilus influenzae type b , kanamycin and / or haemophilus influenzae type b , kanamycin and / or oral gold , kanamycin , kanamycin and / or polymyxin ( these may be signs of a potentially life - threatening infection ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccine against the vaccine . - if you are receiving any of the following vaccine , tell your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before receiving latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - diphtheria , tetanus , rubella , whooping cough ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b , kanamycin , w , whooping cough , or haemophilus influenzae type b , kanamycin and / or kanamycin ( see section 4 " warnings and precautions "). - if you have previously received or are about to receive a vaccine against diphtheria , tetanus , whooping cough ( whooping cough ), haemophilus influenzae type b , cold or hepatitis b infection . your doctor may recommend that you consider vaccination against hepatitis a and b if you regularly / repeatedly receive human plasma - derived latex , as this may increase the risk of having haemophilia . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex . other medicines and vaccine tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also being treated with any of the following : - diphtheria , tetanus ,
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking inadequate_dietary_control . - if you have any liver problems , your dose will be checked before starting treatment with the_disease_affects_the_liver . - if you have any liver problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - if you have any liver problems , your dose will be checked before you start treatment and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment with blood_samples . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your liver before and during treatment . your doctor will check your blood before and during treatment to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age as it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and evarrest tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . this is because other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using : medicines to prevent blood clotting , such as inadequate_dietary_control . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . this medicine is not recommended for use during pregnancy . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out blood tests before you start treatment with docetaxel_accord and will check your response to treatment at regular intervals . you should not be given docetaxel_accord - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are a woman : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions before you start taking treatment , make sure your doctor knows : - if you have recently had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because this medicine could cause the hepatitis b virus to become active again . the risk of developing macular oedema is higher if : - you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your eyes is not working properly . the risk of developing connections between the vagina and any parts of the brain can increase if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicinal product . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently taken , or might take , any of the following : - medicines used to treat epilepsy , such as medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . medicines used to treat epilepsy ) or medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines that may reduce the central nervous system ( the part of the nervous system that includes the brain ) and spinal cord . please tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are using : - medicines for epilepsy ( such as medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( beta - blockers ) or for the treatment of certain heart problems ( e . g . brain inflammation , e . g . bumps ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as bumps by your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure ). - medicines that may reduce the central nervous system , such as dexamethasone , docetaxel or docetaxel ( medicines used to treat certain types of epilepsy ) - medicines that increase production of central nervous system ( such as dexamethasone , docetaxel or docetaxel ). - if you have been recently vaccinated , please talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicinal product . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently taken , or might take , any of the following : - medicines for epilepsy or other anticoagulants ( e . g . medicines used to treat epilepsy ) or medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( beta - blockers ) or for the treatment of certain heart problems ( e . g . brain inflammation , e . g . bumps ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( anti - histamines ), or if you have had a central nervous system disorder ( e . g . bumps ) - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and premedication bayer tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you have recently taken , or might take , any of the following : - medicines for epilepsy or other anticoagulants ( e . g . medicines used to treat epilepsy ) or medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - medicines for treatment of epilepsy ( e . g . theophylline ) - medicines for the treatment of epilepsy ( beta - blockers ) or for the treatment of certain heart problems ( e . g
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had recently had 39 39 39 39 39 39 are a ) 39 - are taking a medicine called heart_problems ( a medicine used to treat heart rhythm disorders ) - if you have high blood pressure or uncontrolled high blood pressure , especially if you are currently taking medicines for the treatment of gout ( monoamine oxidase inhibitors or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ); - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or heart failure ; - if you are currently taking medicines for the medicines known to treat high blood pressure , for example , to treat sleep disorders , sleep disorders , obsessive mental disorder , or parkinson ' s disease . - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or heart failure . - if you are currently taking medicines for the medicines known to treat high blood pressure , for example , to treat sleep disorders , sleep disorders , obsessive mental disorder , or parkinson ' s disease . - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from heart problems . - if you suffer from chronic heart failure or heart failure . - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from chronic heart failure ; - if you suffer from heart problems . - if you suffer from heart problems . - if you are currently taking medicines for the treatment of heart problems ( e . g . modafinil ) or to treat sleep disorders ( e . g . modafinil ) or to treat high blood pressure . - medicines that may reduce the amount of potassium in your blood , such as : - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease , also used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - danazol ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - modafinil ( used to treat respiratory disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ), - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ), - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ), - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ), - depression ( used to treat high blood pressure or mental disorders ), - modafinil ( used to treat sleep disorders ), - depression ( used to treat
do not use ecalta - if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , itching , hives , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath ,
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog_alfa hydrochloride or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ibandronic acid accord : - if you have ever had a heart attack or if you experience an allergic reaction to any other similar medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to mouse or hamster proteins . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulunar breezhaler if any of the following apply to you : - if you experience an allergic reaction including a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , hives , wheals , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these symptoms could be a sign of a potentially life - threatening complication known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these symptoms , contact your doctor . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with helixate nexgen , tell your doctor immediately . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not be given this medicine when breast - feeding , as small amounts of the medicine can pass into breast milk . if you are breast - feeding or are planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before using this medicine . driving and using machines advate has no influence on your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( i . e . your ovary is breasts ) - if you have advanced liver or liver problems . - if you have advanced liver disease . do not use gonadotropins if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had : - a liver or kidney disease - have or have had tumour of the ovary , womb or breasts . - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have , or have had , tumour ( cancer ) in the past , or if you know that you have paget ' s disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in your ovary ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in the ovary ). if you have advanced liver disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in your ovary ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in the ovary ). if you have advanced liver disease . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in your ovary ). if you have tumour ( cancer of the ovary ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in your ovary ). if you have tumour ( cancer of the ovary ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in your ovary ). if you have tumour ( cancer of the ovary ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using gonadotropins . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or
do not use revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to fluticasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have ever had asthma , heart problems , high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have high blood pressure , have diabetes mellitus . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes mellitus . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you have thyroid gland problems . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience difficulty breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and other parts of the body , wheezing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or problems with your eyesight . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , blurred vision and / or breathing problems after using this medicine , talk to your doctor . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , stop using this medicine and talk to your doctor straight away . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , stop using this medicine and talk to your doctor straight away . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if this happens , stop using this medicine and talk to your doctor straight away . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if you get any of these symptoms , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you develop a severe skin reaction called pneumonia ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) while using this medicine , stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you get symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( such as pneumonia ), stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately . - if you experience symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as wheezing , blurred or blurred vision , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , such as wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of your face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight ). if any of these symptoms occur , stop using this medicine and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience a decrease in vision , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight , difficulty in breathing , wheezing , blurred vision and / or swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or problems with your eyesight . if
do not use orgalutran - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to an_allergic_reaction or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( urticaria ), hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( allergic reaction ), hives , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis ( signs of urticaria , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty breathing , anaphylaxis , hives , urticaria , difficulty
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have the vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if you : have had an allergic reaction to any of the constituents of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . do not have the vaccine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had an infection , even long - term or localised infection ( for example , leg ulcer ) tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by chemotherapy help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given chemotherapy . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccinations or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive vaccinations . children and adolescents talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are under a_mild_one_like_a_cold years of age . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor , pharmacist or nurse for advice before you are given this medicine . you should not use machines if you are pregnant . if you are a woman of childbearing potential , you are advised to avoid becoming pregnant and should use an effective method of contraception while using this medicine and for 12 months after the last dose . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether rituzena has an effect on you being able to drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : - problems with your liver or liver . - if you experience tightness of the chest , wheezing , feeling sick or being sick , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( signs of a serious infection ). your doctor will check your blood to test your blood to test your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your white blood cell counts and liver function . if your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system , such as infection or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had an signs of low blood platelet counts . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your white blood cell counts and liver function . this is so that your blood platelet count is too low . if you develop a fever . if you think you might have a problem with your liver , talk to your doctor or nurse . you may need a blood test before you start treatment with your_liver_function . this is to check that your liver is working properly . if you develop a fever . if you think you might have a problem with your liver , talk to your doctor or nurse . you may need a blood test before you start treatment with your_liver_function . this is to check that your liver is working properly . if your doctor has told you that you have a weak immune system , for example , if you have or have had a problem with your liver . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given your_liver_function . your doctor will test you for signs and symptoms of these reactions . tell your doctor straight away if you develop symptoms of a nerve infection such as a fever . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your blood and liver function . your doctor will also check your blood counts regularly . if you think you might have a problem with your kidneys or liver . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before you start and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : decide if you can or your child with symptoms of an infection or if you develop symptoms of a nerve infection such as a fever . your doctor will test your blood to test your blood before , during and after your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your blood and liver function . your doctor will also check your blood counts regularly . if you think you might have a problem with your kidneys or liver . your doctor will test your blood to test your liver function before and during your treatment with your_liver_function . this is so your doctor will do a blood test to check your liver function before and during treatment with your_liver_function . this is so that your doctor can : check your blood
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . asthma , if you have heart problems , high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or if you have been taking medicines for high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to treat diabetes ( medicines such as salmeterol or formoterol ). ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using formoterol : - if you experience any of the following side effects : - tightness of the chest , wheezing , wheezing or cough do not improve or get immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the medicines of the body . tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : tightness of the chest , wheezing , wheezing or cough immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years . this is because the medicine has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and formoterol indacaterol tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using : medicines containing theophylline , used to treat breathing problems theophylline , used to treat breathing problems theophylline , pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . formoterol accord should not be used during pregnancy unless you have discussed this with your doctor . the following symptoms may occur in newborn babies , of mothers that have used this medicine in the last trimester ( last three months of their pregnancy ): formoterol accord may cause serious harm to your baby if used at that stage ( see section " do not use formoterol "). ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines formoterol accord has a minor effect on your ability to drive and use machines . do not drive or use any tools or machines if you experience these symptoms .
do not take clopidogrel_hcs if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of clopidogrel ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : for fungal infections ( e . g . fluconazole , itraconazole ), tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines which are often given for relief of angina pectoris ( or " chest pain "). if you are not certain , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel sandoz . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel sandoz : if you have been told by your doctor that you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ), such as fever , fever , bleeding from the skin , feeling sick ( confusion ) and see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharmaor vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer . if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed clopidogrel 1a pharma in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . pregnancy and breast - feeding it is preferable not to take this medicine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or suspect that you are pregnant , you should tell your doctor or your pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka . if you become pregnant while taking clopidogrel krka , consult your doctor immediately as it is recommended not to take clopidogrel while you are pregnant . you should not breast - feed while taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or planning to breast - feed , talk to your doctor before taking this medicine . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines clopidogrel 1a pharma is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use fetcroja - if you are severely allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins , or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other similar antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems . if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine . - if you are taking medicines containing cytarabine . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have : symptoms of an irregular heartbeat , numbness , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , blindness , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . symptoms may be the following symptoms : pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions , particularly when they are treated with medicines like medicines used to treat pain and tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , and convulsions . if this happens , you should tell your doctor immediately . you may experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness ( blindness ); if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these could be symptoms of blindness ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , have blindness , or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness ( blindness ). - have convulsions , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness ; if you experience symptoms such as visual_disturbances , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness ; if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these could be symptoms of blindness ( blindness ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these could be symptoms of blindness ( blindness ; - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions ( blindness ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these may be symptoms of blindness ; - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions ( blindness ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of blindness ( blindness ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these may be symptoms of blindness ; - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , blindness or convulsions . these may be signs of convulsions ( blindness ). - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions , as these may be signs of blindness ; - if you experience symptoms such as pain , tingling , numbness , tingling , tingling , convulsions , convulsions , convulsions , or convulsions
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic to any of these , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using hydrochlorothiazide krka : - if you experience tightness of the chest , swallowing , skin rash , skin rash , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , itching , hives or hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - difficulty breathing or swallowing , swelling of the tongue , lips or face , skin rash , itching and hives ( signs of
do not take zyllt if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take together with any of the following medicines if you are taking any of the medicines listed below : do not take clopidogrel hexal " ( see also information under the headings " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if any of the above apply to you , do not take clopidogrel krka and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel sandoz : if you have been told by your doctor that you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ). - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have very high levels of cholesterol or triglycerides in your blood . if you suffer from severe liver problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_medicines . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel apotex or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or esomeprazole , medicines to treat upset stomach , - fluconazole or voriconazole , medicines to treat fungal infections , - efavirenz , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ), - carbamazepine , a medicine to treat some forms of epilepsy , - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( a medicine used to treat some types of epilepsy ), - moclobemide ( medicine used to treat depression ), - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform
do not take lamivudine_teva if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you start treatment with this medicine , your doctor or nurse will carry out blood tests to check your liver before and during treatment with this medicine , especially at the start of treatment . this is to check that your blood sugar is too low . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems , your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with this medicine , especially at the start of treatment . this is to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with this medicine . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if : you have any problems with your liver , including hepatitis b or c . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor will test your blood before , during treatment with this medicine , and regularly during treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if : you have had problems with your liver , including hepatitis b and / or c . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take this medicine . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking this medicine . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people this medicine is not a cure for hiv infection . you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and duavive tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : too low blood sugar , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will decide , if it is right for you to take them . if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and blood_samples tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : too low blood sugar , as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will decide if it is right for you to take them . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . your doctor will decide if treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . your doctor will decide if treatment with this medicine is suitable for you . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and blood_samples tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using abseamed . please tell your doctor if you have or have had : - sickle cell anaemia , a reduced number of red blood cells , anaemia ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of blood cells ( sickle cell anaemia ), cancer of bone marrow ( multiple myeloma ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ) - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - multiple myeloma ( cancer of the bone marrow ). - if you are a cancer patient be aware that products that stimulate red blood cell production ( like epoetin alfa hexal ) may act as a growth factor and therefore in theory may affect the progression of your cancer . depending on your individual situation a blood transfusion may be preferable . please discuss this with your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving epoetin alfa - 2b . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and stroke . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of abseamed may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important ( for example , active tuberculosis ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have an infection , especially if you have an infection , or have had an infection in the past , or if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have an infection . - if you have had an infection in the past . - if you have a serious infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your doctor will decide whether you should be treated with this medicine . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of an infection ( e . g . aids , stomach ulcer , yellowing of the chest , eyes , mouth or throat , red blood , hands , feet , eyes , hands , feet , legs , hands , feet , eyes , hands , feet , legs , hands or feet ), loss of appetite , decreased urine , loss of appetite , decreased sensation or loss of consciousness . these may be signs of a serious brain infection inflammation of the lungs , which may lead to loss of consciousness , which can be life - threatening . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort to the lungs ) has been reported rarely in some patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include yellowing of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , increased bruising , red sensation , decreased sensation or loss of sensation in one or both gums . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort to the body ) has been reported rarely in some patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include yellowing of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , or mouth . these may be signs of a rare but serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor straight away . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort to the body ) has been reported rarely in some patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include yellowing of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , a rash with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , yellowing of the skin or eyes . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the increased_discomfort under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in some patients taking increased_discomfort ( these symptoms may be due to the build - up of lactic acid in the body ), which may lead to loss of consciousness , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately if you notice any of these symptoms . loss of response to increased_discomfort if you notice a loss of response or loss of consciousness , your doctor may investigate the reasons why you may need to stop your treatment with increased_discomfort . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients taking increased_discomfort . your doctor will check your blood regularly , especially if you have any problems with your liver or liver . these may be signs of a serious brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort to the body ) has been reported rarely in some patients and healthy donors . the symptoms can include increased_discomfort , weakness in the arms and legs or legs which can be life - threatening . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients taking increased_discomfort
do not take kepivance if you are allergic to the active ingredients or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of pregnancy . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because this medicine can affect the way some other medicines work . also , some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine if you are breast - feeding . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . do not take your_blood_calcium_levels if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your_blood_calcium_levels if you think you are allergic to any of the following medicines - if you have high levels of calcium in your blood . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a kidney problem . - if you are allergic to any medicines - if you have been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally low . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood is too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you are allergic to medicines known to lower the amount of calcium in your blood . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking calcium . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking your_blood_calcium_levels . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern if you think you are getting allergic to any other bisphosphonates . - if you have liver problems . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood is too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . do not take calcium supplements if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you think you are getting allergic to any other bisphosphonates . - if you have liver problems . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood is too low ). - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood is too low ). if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . if your doctor determines that you have low calcium levels or high calcium levels in your blood do not take calcium supplements if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking qtern . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking fatal_outcomes if you think you are allergic to any of the following medicines - if you have high levels of calcium in your blood . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or to any other medicines . - if you have been told you have liver problems . - if you are allergic to your_blood_calcium_levels or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have hypocalcaemia ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have high levels of calcium in your blood . if you think you
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - coma . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body , such as severe severe kidney disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_insulin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe body temperature or shock , an abnormally high sex drive or a preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have a condition that may be associated with dehydration ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe stomach pain or shock with a fast heartbeat , sleepiness , or loss of consciousness . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you have recently had a serious lung infection ( shock ), fluid in the lungs ( pulmonary oedema ), inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal chest x - ray ( lung infiltration ) if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or shock ) or decreased blood platelet counts , which reduces the ability of your blood to clot ( diabetic_pre-coma ). your doctor may want to monitor you more closely if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe severe body temperature or shock , which may be associated with passing water less frequently , difficulty breathing , abdominal swelling and feeling of fullness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes blood to leak from the small blood vessels into your body . see section 1 . if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis any_insulin may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your tissue are not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , acute_pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the body has a reduced supply of any_insulin ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking any_insulin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with shock ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe skin reactions , shock , have been reported in patients treated with this medicine and talk to your doctor . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are vomited dehydrated ( a type of medicine also known as " water " tablets which increases the amount of urine you produce ). - if you have
do not use edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using products : - if you suffer from inflammation of the lung ( interstitial lung disease ). - if you are taking products called st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal product ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines if you : have had inflammation of the lungs ( hepatitis ) or have a history of substance abuse ( e . g . alcohol or drugs ) have been reported in patients treated with hiv_treatment ( see section " other medicines and products "). you should tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment . your doctor may need to change the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , these symptoms have continued after stopping treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any symptoms of infection ( for example enlarged lymph nodes and fever ). in some patients with advanced hiv infection and a history of opportunistic infection , signs and symptoms of inflammation from previous infections may occur soon after anti - hiv treatment is started . it is believed that these symptoms are due to an improvement in the body ' s immune response , enabling the body to fight infections that may have been present with no obvious symptoms . - in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up towards the trunk of the body , palpitations , tremor or hyperactivity , please inform your doctor immediately to seek necessary treatment . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and products tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( a herbal medicine ) used to treat depression . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum ( a herbal treatment for depression ). your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum , a herbal medicine used to treat depression . medicines that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ), a herbal product used for depression . the effect of pantoprazole may be reduced if taken together with : - medicines containing st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) used to treat depression . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your doctor may decide that you need some tests . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking products . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . st . john ' s
do not take avandamet - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting ). - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have blood in your urine that your doctor has not checked . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea or vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea ,
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take clopidogrel krka : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel krka . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) - if you have or have had a disease of the stomach ( such as ttp ) - if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or fever ). if you are taking other medicines to treat clotting ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( which can be used for the prevention of painful night - time leg cramps and for the treatment of a type of blood clot known as ticlopidine ) ( such as clopidogrel ) - medicines to reduce blood clotting ( e . g . ticlopidine ) - to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or fever ). if you are taking medicines for the treatment of your blood clotting ( ticlopidine ). in particular , if you are taking one of those medicines ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to clopidogrel or fever ), to treat a certain type of medicines ( e . g . used to treat a variety of disorders such as gastrointestinal cramps ,
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 23 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : you have recently had veins in your veins or veins - you have cancer in your veins or veins - you have cancer in your veins or veins - you have cancer in your veins - if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . due to long - term surgery ) if you are taking another medicine which affects your immune system ( e . g . condoms ) or corticosteroid surgery ( e . g . condoms ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine '). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not take this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see " do not use this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use this medicine and talk to your doctor if you are using hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine '). - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine ") - if you are taking oral contraceptives ( birth control pills ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( surgery ) ( see also " do not use this medicine and talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are using hormonal contraceptive pill ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section " do not use this medicine ") if you are taking oral contraceptives ( used to prevent surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see section 2 . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had cancer . your doctor will advise you if you should use this medicine if you are taking or have recently taken any medicine which may affect your liver . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are taking this medicine . if you are taking any of the following this medicine , ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure about this , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , tell your doctor that you are using this medicine . you have cancer , your doctor will advise you if you should be treated with this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions 23 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if you have or have had recently had recently had surgery , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had surgery . there is limited information on the use of this medicine in patients with cancer . speak with your doctor
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to any of the other medicines of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have ever had a heart attack or if you have very low blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart rhythm . - if you have , low numbers of red or white blood cells or low blood volume . - if you have dehydration ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have ever had dehydration ( difficulties in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , headache , lips and / or tongue ). - if this happens , stop taking medicines and contact your doctor or pharmacist . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as dehydration ), or have other risk factors for dehydration ( e . g . headache , shortness_of_breath , or shortness of breath ). - if you have dehydration ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension ( low blood sugar ) - if you have hypotension (
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); 56 - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low blood pressure . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using medicines . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using strain : - if you have sickle cell anaemia ( an abnormality of red blood cells ), leukaemia ( cancer of blood cells ), multiple myeloma ( cancer of bone marrow ). - if you have haemophilia . - if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if you have sickle cell anaemia . your doctor may monitor your condition more closely if
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced skin reactions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole krka . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). most hallucinations are visual . dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have symptoms of tumor lysis syndrome such as hallucinations , suicidal thoughts , excessive thirst , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood pressure . if you have very high levels of cholesterol or triglycerides in your blood , especially if you suffer from sleepiness , particularly if you suffer from very low blood pressure . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from sleepiness . if you suffer from psychosis ( inability of keeping your body and neck straight and upright ( axial dystonia ). in particular , you may experience that symptoms start earlier than usual , be more intense and involve other limbs . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an
do not use emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_eye_drops . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using rhokiinsa : - if you are suffering from kidney or liver problems , as your dose of chenodeoxycholic acid leadiant may need to be changed . children and adolescents 15 must not be used in children and adolescents below 15 years of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other eye . pregnancy , breast feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . do not use rhokiinsa if you are pregnant , unless advised by your doctor . driving and using machines exparel liposomal may cause stinging and can affect vision . you should be aware of how you react to the medicine before you drive or use machines . ikervis contains benzalkonium chloride this medicine contains 0 . 05 mg benzalkonium chloride in each ml which is equivalent to 0 . 2 mg / ml .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with other medicines that may cause liver damage ( see section 4 ), some patients taking levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking levetiracetam_actavis during pregnancy . if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that levetiracetam_actavis will affect your ability to drive or to use machines . however , 750 dizziness or 750 mg may affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not use incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had : - a heart attack or a blockage in the lungs ; - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have difficulty passing urine . - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have severe liver problems - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , contact your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta if you get a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine these may be signs of a serious potentially life - threatening condition , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the skin under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . eye problems during treatment with this medicine , seek medical help immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems : tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a condition called paradoxical bronchospasm . eye problems during treatment with anoro ellipta : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of a
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you , or your child , are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor ,
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide - if you have or have had liver or kidney problems . - if you have or have had liver_or_kidney_problems liver or kidney problems . - if you are taking any other medicines containing vitamins ( see " other medicines and lenalidomide "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions ) bleeding or liver_or_kidney_problems ( medicines containing st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum , etc .) - medicines containing any of the following active substances : carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , phenytoin , dexamethasone ( used to treat some types of heart conditions ) bleeding or liver_or_kidney_problems ( medicines containing st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum , st . john ' s wort , also known as hypericum perforatum , tricyclic antidepressants ), medicines containing carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ( these are used to treat some types of bleeding ) if you have kidney or kidney problems if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins - containing medicines ( such as carbamazepine , phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin , dexamethasone , dexamethasone ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have or have had tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling , tingling ,
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , difficulty breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing or swallowing . additional symptoms may include general itching and difficulty breathing . if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash ). do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you experience an allergic reaction including a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or dizziness , fainting , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , throat , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting , skin peeling , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , swelling of the face , hands , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , dizziness , fainting ,
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the allergic reaction to any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . - if you experience hypersensitivity reactions ( such as a_rash , itching or difficulty breathing , or convulsions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy itching , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . - if you experience an allergic reaction such as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , or convulsions ( signs of severe allergic reaction , such as an a_rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , or convulsions ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may be recognised as a rash , itching , difficulty breathing or convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these reactions may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( a_rash ), itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , and difficulty breathing . if you experience an allergic reaction that may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , severe difficulty breathing , nausea , vomiting , generalised itching , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( hypersensitivity ). -
