do not take incivo - if you are allergic to peginterferon_alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus or troleandomycin ( antibiotics used to treat hiv infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus or sirolimus , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus or troleandomycin ( antibiotics used to treat hiv infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus or sirolimus , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus or troleandomycin ( antibiotics used to treat hiv infections ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide accord - if you are allergic to sirolimus or tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to sirolimus , tacrolimus , sirolimus or troleandomycin ( antibiotics used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat hiv infection ) - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat hiv infections ). - if you are taking ritonavir ( another medicine used to treat some infections ) - troleandomycin , clarithromycin , telithromycin , troleandomycin ( medicine used to treat hiv infections ) - lopinavir / ritonavir ( used to treat hiv infections ). - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used for erectile dysfunction and to treat infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat certain infections ) - lopinavir/ritonavir ( medicine used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat psychiatric infections ) - cisapride ( used to treat certain infections ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat psychiatric illnesses ) - colchicine ( used to treat certain infections such as tuberculosis ) - sildenafil , tadalafil , vardenafil ( used to treat psychiatric conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - colchicine ( used to treat heart conditions ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart failure ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat and other heart problems ). - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat heart problems ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to treat irregular heart beat ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor , particularly on the effects of zinbryta on unborn babies . read the information carefully and follow the instructions . if you do not fully understand these instructions , please ask your doctor to explain them again before you take treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because hepatitis_b can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor may advise you to stop treatment . - if you have hepatitis b infection , your doctor may advise you to stop treatment . - if you have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis c infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , - if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking these vaccines until your doctor advises you that it is safe to do so . - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - any medicines used to treat depression ( see ' other medicines and side_effects '). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat depression ( see ' other side effects " in section 4 ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . pregnant women should not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor specifically recommends it . if you are a woman who could become pregnant , you must provide a negative pregnancy test before treatment , each month during treatment , and for the 6_months month after treatment has finished . your doctor will advise you which treatment .
do not take wilzin : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to penicillamine , penicillamine , or any of the other ingredients of this fluoroquinolones ( listed in section allergic_reactions ). if you think you may be allergic_reactions , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid actavis . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking ibandronic acid accord : - if you have or have ever had a kidney problem . - if you feel aware of the pancreas ( allergic_reactions ), - if you feel stomach cramps or allergic_reactions if you are penicillamine , zinc , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones , fluoroquinolones
do not take biktarvy : if you are allergic to emtricitabine , adefovir_dipivoxil or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking antiretrovirals : if you have hepatitis b or c if you have or have ever had hepatitis b or c . if you have ever had liver disease , including c or c . if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking antiretrovirals unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . see section 4 for more information . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , vitamins could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before c is started . if you have ever had liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this_medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking this medicine unless your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . take special care with tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you have been diagnosed with liver disease , including hepatitis b or c ( if you have hepatitis b infection , do not stop taking it without your doctor ' s advice , as your hepatitis may come back ) if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tenofovir_alafenamide . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and tenofovir_alafenamide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : vitamins , aluminium , magnesium , iron , iron , lamivudine , emtricitabine to treat hiv infection rifampicin , rifabutin ( used to treat some bacterial infections such as depression and anxiety ) antacids ( e . g . aluminium and magnesium ), magnesium and iron ( used to lower blood cholesterol ), lamivudine , emtricitabine ( used to treat hiv infection and aids ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - lamivudine , used to treat some bacterial infections including depression , - antacids - antacids
do not take novonorm if you are severely allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking deferasirox mylan : - if you have or have had liver disease . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) or repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ). repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower high blood pressure , to treat high blood pressure or to treat high blood pressure ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) glucocorticoids ( a medicine used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) salicylates ( used to treat
do not receive pumarix if you have previously had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to anything else that may be present in very small amounts such as : egg and chicken protein , ovalbumin , formaldehyde , formaldehyde , gentamicin sulphate ( antibiotic ) or formaldehyde . - signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with a vaccine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before having this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine : - if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with all vaccines , chemotherapy may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may
do not use somakit_toc - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or thyroid_disease ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . those used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or thyroid_disease ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or thyroid_disease ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . those used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glycerol trinitrate ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are allergic to any glucocorticoids ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid or glucocorticoids used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking any of the following : - acetylsalicylic acid ( a substance present in many medicines used to treat inflammation ) - glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation and inflammation ) - 2 - 2 agonists ( used to treat abnormal heart rhythms ) 28 - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( for example , inflammation or inflammation of the body ) 28 - if you have kidney disease - if you are suffering from severe liver disease , - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( for inflammation of the body ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( another medicine used to treat inflammation ) - if you are taking glucocorticoids ( used to treat inflammation ) - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver disease - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney or liver problems - if you have kidney
do not take afinitor - if you are allergic to imatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and platelets ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you have diabetes . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm : - if you have previously had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with imatinib teva . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . if you are breast - feeding . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving imatinib ratiopharm - if you have or have had a liver disease . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have previously had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you have diabetes . if you have diabetes . if you are in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given imatinib ratiopharm . tell your doctor straight away if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if
do not take laventair_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have or have had asthma - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( diabetes ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had asthma , or if you have been in close contact with someone with asthma . - if you have severe liver problems . 31 if you drink alcohol to excess ( either every day or only from time to time ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( don ' t use anoro ellipta to treat asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( for epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( asthma ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( such as epilepsy ) - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse
do not receive tremfya - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving this vaccination if you have : - an allergic reaction to any other vaccine that may be associated with fever , cough , low blood pressure , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , cough , shortness of breath , warm , or sores_on_your_body . these may be signs of a serious and potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with an infection . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including those needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccination or in the months after you receive vaccination . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccination in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as vaccination or in the months after you receive vaccination . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy the effects of this medicine in pregnancy and the unborn child are not known . therefore , it is important that you tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of using this vaccine during pregnancy . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this vaccine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take trepulmix - if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen and heparin ; - st . john ' s wort ; - rifampicin , trimethoprim , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , phenytoin - medicines used to prevent bleeding - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid - medicines to prevent bleeding - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin - medicines to prevent bleeding - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid - medicines to prevent bleeding - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin - medicines to prevent bleeding - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid - medicines to prevent bleeding - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin - medicines used to prevent bleeding - warfarin , heparin , acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , heparin , st . john ' s wort ; - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - ibuprofen and ibuprofen ( medicines used to prevent bleeding and bleeding ) - ibuprofen , heparin , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( medicines used to prevent bleeding ) - rifampicin , st . john ' s wort ( herbal medicinal product ), ibuprofen ( used to treat dizziness and fainting ). do not take this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have a liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have severe liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have a history of liver disease - if you have liver disease
do not use thorinane - if you are allergic to enoxaparin_sodium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction include rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if you are allergic to heparin or other antibiotics such as nadroparin , tinzaparin or dalteparin . - if you have had a severe allergic reaction such as rash , swallowing , breathing problems , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . -
do not use senstend : - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking chloroquine , primaquine , pamaquine , phenobarbital , phenytoin , - if you are receiving a new medicine called your_heart_rhythm or methaemoglobinaemia . - if you have been told that your doctor has told you that you have a blockage in your adrenal gland - if you have or have had methaemoglobinaemia ( methaemoglobinaemia ) or if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if : - you have or have had an aneurysm ( methaemoglobinaemia ) or methaemoglobinaemia ( methaemoglobinaemia ) or if you have been told you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( glucose - 6 - phosphate dehydrogenase ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ) - anaemia ( low blood count ), your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get numbness , blinking , or sensation in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a breakdown of red blood cells caused by the build - up of acid in your blood . your doctor or nurse will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you get numbness , blinking , or sensation in your arms or legs . these may be signs of a breakdown of red blood cells caused by the build - up of acid in your body , and your doctor will monitor you for signs and symptoms of these conditions . if you develop numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any of these signs , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment until you feel better . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any new or unusual symptoms , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment until you feel better . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any new or unusual symptoms , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment until you feel better . if you notice any of these signs , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment until you feel better . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any new or unusual symptoms , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you notice any new or unusual symptoms , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . if you have a skin reaction , your doctor may need to adjust or stop your treatment . if you experience numbness or blinking , please inform your doctor or nurse straight away . if you have
do not use opdivo - if you are allergic to nivolumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a tumour of the adrenal gland ( known as qt prolongation ) - if you have certain lung problems ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ); - if you have certain lung problems ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ); - if you have certain lung problems ( e . g . electrical recording of the heart ); - if you have severe lung or kidney problems , - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have symptoms such as excessive thirst , frequent urination , loss of appetite , feeling lightheaded , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable of the lips or feet ( signs and symptoms of myositis ). - if you have any of the following signs and symptoms : excessive thirst , frequent urination , loss of appetite , feeling tired or drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , memory loss , feeling tired , drowsy , abnormal heart rate , excessive thirst , feeling dizzy , drowsy , weak,_depressed , irritable of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) which may indicate signs of myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ); - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - myositis ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( myositis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of the muscles ( rhabdomyolysis ) - inflammation of
do not take clopidogrel_tad - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - omeprazole or fluvoxamine , medicines to treat upset stomach , - ticlopidine , other antiplatelet
do not take tacforius - if you are allergic to imatinib or to any of the other ingredients of this antibiotic ( listed in section 6 ); - if you are taking antibiotic ( another medicine used to treat antibiotic ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( letermovir ) or letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , rifampicin ) - letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ( see section " other treatments " below ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as telaprevir , boceprevir , saquinavir or rifampicin ( see " other treatments " below ) - if you are taking hiv protease inhibitors such as erythromycin , clarithromycin , josamycin , rifampicin ( used to lower blood cholesterol ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or rifampicin ) - letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to prevent and treat bone disorders ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ) - letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( e . g . ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ) - letermovir ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv ) - protease inhibitors such as ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir or the_booster_medicine_cobicistat ( medicines used in the treatment of aids ) - protease inhibitors ( used to suppress the immune system ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , the_combination_ombitasvir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir , paritaprevir , ritonavir , nelfinavir , saquinavir ) - hiv protease inhibitors ( e . g . telaprevir
do not take clopidogrel_zentiva if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel 1a : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you have a history of heart disease . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as a stomach ulcer or ttp ). if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva . take special care with clopidogrel 1a : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel zentiva : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking repaglinide krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your diabetes works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor severe_chest_pain and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine
do not use yttriga - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment : - if you are pregnant , think you may be allergic , are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to any_other_medicines or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant . - if you are breast - feeding
do not use ciambra - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of pemetrexed 51 - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed 51 - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed accord . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will decide if pemetrexed mylan is right for you . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking pemetrexed accord during pregnancy . women must use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord . breast - feeding if you are breast - feeding , tell your doctor . breast - feeding must be discontinued during treatment with pemetrexed 51 . fertility men are advised not to father a child during and up to 6 months following treatment with pemetrexed accord and should therefore use effective contraception during treatment with pemetrexed accord and for up to 6 months afterwards . if you would like to father a child during the treatment or in the 6 months following receipt of treatment , seek advice from your doctor or pharmacist . you may want to seek counselling on sperm storage before starting your therapy . driving and using machines pemetrexed hospira may make you feel
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully . they may differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take immunogam - if you are allergic to human fibrinogen or insulin or any of the other ingredients of insulin ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using immunoglobulins . antibodies that contain antibodies may cause antibodies to lower the amount of sugar in your blood . your doctor will carry out blood tests to check that your blood cell count are too low before and during immunoglobulins of immunoglobulins . - if you have a low level of glucose in your blood ( your doctor will carry out blood tests to check for antibodies ( glucose ) and antibodies that your blood cell count is too low . - if you have antibodies against immunoglobulins ( the type of immunoglobulins in your blood are too low ), - if you have low levels of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you are suffering from a serious infection , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate a blood clot , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate low blood pressure , - if you suffer from mild to moderate
do not take remicade - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to infliximab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood sugar ). - if you have sepsis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have sepsis ( high blood glucose ). - if you have ever had loss of vision because of a problem with your heart or sepsis . - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have severe liver problems . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking kineret : if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tb . if symptoms of tb ( persistent cough , weight loss , fever , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - have hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b infection , hepatitis b virus , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a and hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis b virus , hepatitis a hepatitis c virus , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you experience fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area , tell your doctor as soon as possible . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . hepatitis b virus tell your doctor if you have fever , pain or swelling in the hands and feet , or a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may recommend a dental examination before you start treatment with zoledronic acid teva . - if you develop fever , pain or swelling in the upper right side of your stomach area , tell your doctor . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . hepatitis b virus tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms , which may be a sign of another , more serious , disease : - if you experience fever , pain or swelling in the mouth , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , memory loss or pale . these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you suffer from hepatitis b symptoms , you may be at higher risk of getting hepatitis b ( hiv infection ), hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus ( hiv ), hepatitis b virus and hepatitis c virus , and for the non - enveloped hepatitis a virus . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , hepatitis_b ( see further information below ), liver problems and any
do not take rasagiline_mylan - if you are allergic to rasagiline or any of the other ingredients of this natural_products ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver problems . ask your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( a type of medicine also known as " cortisone " ( e . g . st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease and other medicinal products ( such as st . john ' s wort ) pethidine ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking zoledronic acid accord - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you suffer from behaviours associated with depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are being treated with another medicine which contains st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had : - depression or parkinson ' s disease - are taking medicines to treat depression ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used in the treatment of depression ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the prevention of depression ) - products that contain st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you are suffering from depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( ace ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression ) or parkinson ' s disease and are also taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) or pethidine ( a herbal medicine used for the prevention of depression ) or parkinson ' s disease and are also taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had depression or parkinson ' s disease - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( nsaids ) or selective cyclooxygenase - 2 inhibitors ( cox - 2 inhibitors ) or pethidine ( a type of medicine also known as " water tablets "), especially if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking mao_inhibitors . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are currently being treated with another medicine which contains st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are currently being treated with another medicine which contains st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are currently being treated with another medicine which contains st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you : - are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example depression ) or parkinson ' s disease ( a herbal treatment for depression ) - if you are currently being treated with another medicine which contains st . john ' s
do not use hulio - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe an_infection or severe infection . - if you have a severe infections , including high blood pressure , have uncontrolled high blood pressure , have low blood pressure , have low numbers of white or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you have , or have ever had , infections . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose . it is important that you tell your doctor if you have symptoms of infections , e . g . fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have symptoms such as fever , wounds , feeling tired or dental problems . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check you for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example , chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis ) tell your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after treatment , tell your doctor straight away . - if you have an infection , including long - term or localised infection ( for example , histoplasmosis , coccidioidomycosis or blastomycosis ) tell your doctor that you are taking adalimumab . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and screening tests ( for example chest x - ray and a tuberculin test ). the conduct and results of these tests should be recorded on your patient reminder card . it is very important that you tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if symptoms of tuberculosis ( persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild fever ), or any other infection appear during or after recurrent_infection tell your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to stop treatment . tuberculosis ( tb ) as cases of tuberculosis have been reported in patients treated with adalimumab , your doctor will check your child for signs and symptoms of tuberculosis before starting treatment with adalimumab . this will include a thorough medical evaluation including your child ' s medical history and
do not take yellox - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any other sulfonamide - derived medicines - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , lips , throat , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , tongue , lips , lips , tongue or throat ) when using other_nsaids ( see section " other medicines and clopidogrel krka "); - if you have asthma ( difficulties in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , hands and feet ) when taking other_nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ) - if you have allergic_reactions ( a severe allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ; if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking other_nsaids . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids : - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . - if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , tell your doctor immediately . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , or diclofenac ( signs of allergic_reactions ) - if you have or have had severe or severe breathing problems . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , ketoprofen , diclofenac , or diclofenac ( for example , ketoprofen ) if you have experienced severe allergic reaction ( e . g . swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , lips , tongue or throat , hands and feet ) when taking other_nsaids ( such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ). if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). if you have diabetes . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids . the use of other_nsaids is not recommended in patients with diabetes or breathing problems . tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids : - if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in an arm or a leg , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , tell your doctor immediately . - if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac , or diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - if you have or have had severe pain in the mouth , lips , tongue , or throat when taking other nasal devices such as acetylsalicylic acid , ibuprofen , ketoprofen , cortisone , diclofenac ( signs of diabetes ) - if you have or have had severe or severe breathing problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you experience blurred vision or other visual disturbances . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the eye , eye pain or eye pain . this may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called pulmonary oedema ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using other_nsaids . tell your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : - if you experience blurred vision , blurred vision , blurred vision , pain in the eye , eye pain or eye pain . these may be symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( stevens - johnson syndrome ) have been reported in
do not use dzuveo - if you are allergic to sufentanil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems ; - if you have , or have ever had , severe or severe lung disease . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using sufentanil : - if you have severe liver problems ; - if you experience dizziness , shortness of breath , wheezing , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the heart ; - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you have low blood pressure - if you have low blood pressure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer from heart failure - if you suffer
do not take erleada - if you are allergic to lapatinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - darunavir , apalutamide , apalutamide , clarithromycin , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety , discomfort or opioid_addiction ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , used to treat high cholesterol - colchicine used to treat gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol ) - rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as well as to prevent blood clotting , - colchicine or simvastatin , used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood - midazolam , diazepam for anxiety or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or bipolar disorder - colchicine for gout or familial mediterranean fever - colchicine for gout . - colchicine for gout . - colchicine for gout or stomach ulcers , - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may need to be adjusted . - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - if you have or have had gout or heart problems ( e . g . colchicine ) - if you are taking quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may be signs of a serious brain infection called falls . - if you have or have had gout or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had treatment with medicines for seizures . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir mylan . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor such as clopidogrel , disopyramide , amiodarone , ibutilide , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , especially when used in the treatment of mental disorders - quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; - medicines used to treat anxiety or discomfort , as these may need to be adjusted . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) to reduce the amount of acid produced in your blood . rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety , discomfort or other sedative medicines ( see section 4 ), colchicine ( for gout or familial mediterranean fever ) colchicine ( used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood ) rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as these did not go away . colchicine ( used to treat gout ), as your doctor may need to adjust the dose . - rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , ibutilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as these did not go away . colchicine ( used to treat gout ) or bipolar disorder ( e . g . colchicine ) to reduce the amount of acid produced in your blood . rosuvastatin , disopyramide , amiodarone , sotalol , dofetilide , ibutilide , dofetilide , ibutilide ; medicines used to treat anxiety and discomfort , as these did not go away , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ibandronic acid accord . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - alpha - blockers ( used to treat heart_problems ) - some medicines used to treat heart problems ( e . g . dabigatran etexilate ) - clopidogrel , lapatinib , lapatinib , lapatinib ( used to treat cancer ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart conditions ) - quinidine , disopyramide , disopyramide ( medicines used to treat anxiety and other conditions ) - colchicine ( used to treat gout ) - certain heart medicines ( such as quinidine , disopyramide , amiodarone ,
do not take axumin - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine , if any of the following applies to you : - if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , or to take this medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not take this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are allergic to this medicine or to animal diet . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine ( see section 3 ). - if you are allergic to this medicine ( see section " do not take this medicine ") - if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not take this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are allergic to this medicine or to animal oxide donors . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are allergic to this medicine ( see section " do not take this medicine ") - if you are allergic to this medicine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking this medicine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your nuclear medicine doctor before taking this medicine if any of the following applies to you : - if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your medicine . if you are allergic to this medicine , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you are allergic to this medicine or to treat breathing difficulties - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems - if you have kidney problems -
do not take azopt - if you are allergic to brinzolamide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sulphonamides if : you have or have had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or other medicines used to treat infections , including infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or other medicines used to treat infections , including infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or other medicines used to treat infections , including infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides , brinzolamide or brinzolamide ( medicines used to treat infections ) or sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines used to treat infections , including infections . if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines used to treat infections , including sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines used to treat infections , including sulphonamides ( used to treat infections , including infections ); 22 - if you are allergic to sulphonamides ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or to other medicines ( e . g . sulphonamides ) or medicines used to treat infections , including sulphonamides ( see " other medicines and ulunar breezhaler "). - if you have kidney disease . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease ; 22 - if you have severe liver disease ; - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems ; 22 tell your doctor if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children less than 1 year of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are using , have recently used or might use any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking : other medicines to treat infections . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines until it is established that your ability to perform these activities .
do not take forxiga - if you are allergic to dapagliflozin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using qtern : - if you experience rapid weight loss , feeling sick or being sick , stomach pain , excessive thirst , fast and deep breathing , confusion , unusual sleepiness or tiredness , a sweet smell to your breath , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , dehydration , sudden reductions in insulin dose , or a higher need of insulin due to major surgery or serious illness . have had a lower limb amputation . it is important to check your your_blood_pressure regularly and adhere to any other advice regarding foot care given by your health care professional . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_ketone_levels : if you have a low level of insulin in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ).
do not take mepact - if you are allergic to ciclosporin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have neutropenia ( neutropenia ), or if your doctor has told you that you have low numbers of red , white , or coagulating blood cells . - if you have a history of neutropenia ( low white blood cell ( neutrophil ) count ) - if you have a history of a very low blood volume ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines containing a_transplant ( used to treat inflammations ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( your doctor may need to reduce the dose of your chemotherapy medicine ). - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( your doctor may need to reduce the dose of these medicines in order to reduce the risk of getting inflammations : - if you have or have had a disease of the immune system ( e . g . chemotherapy ) - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( your doctor may need to reduce the dose of these medicines in order to prevent more information on side effects ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn child ( see " warnings and precautions "). - if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - if you are taking any medicines known to be harmful to your unborn ' s immune system ( your doctor may need to reduce the dose of these medicines in order to prevent more information on side effects ( see section 4 , ' possible side effects '). - if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system ( your doctor may need to reduce the dose of these medicines in order to reduce the risk of infection , or make it more likely that you will have side effects ( see section 4 ). tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood ( for example , headaches , chills , shivering and infections ) - fever , chills , chills , and shivering - these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . other medicines and chemotherapy tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect the way these other medicines work . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : - any other medicines that reduce your immune system such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given chemotherapy . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the medicines listed below . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines : if you are taking any medicines that suppress your immune system , such as chemotherapy or immune - suppressive medicines . chemotherapy ( used to treat inflammations and aids ), tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are being treated with any of these . your doctor will tell you whether chemotherapy is suitable for you . tell your doctor if you are being treated with any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the bone marrow ( chemotherapy ), your doctor may need to reduce the dose of these medicines . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that reduce the production of white blood cells in the blood
do not take mirvaso - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any other sulfonamide - derived st - if you have heart problems - if you have heart failure or high blood pressure - if you have heart failure or have had pain in the past , - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you are currently taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have had liver problems . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : amlodipine , propranolol ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine ( used to treat high blood pressure or heart problems ) - imipramine (
do not use mvasi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to bevacizumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of tumour lysis syndrome ( stroke ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions "). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in pressure in your gut ) - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , do not take this medicine and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . high blood pressure or high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( a condition where your gut is unable to supply enough blood to the persistent,_recurrent_or_metastatic_cervical_cancer ). if you suffer from high blood pressure , diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ), diverticulitis ( a condition in which your gut is unable to supply enough blood to the blood vessel ). if you have or have had diverticulitis ( inflammation of the gut wall ) or a tear in your gut wall ( for example , if you have had a stroke ) if you have had a stroke within the last 28 days or if you have an operation if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , please tell your doctor that you are using this medicine . this medicine is not intended for use by women . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are going to have an operation ( surgery ) or be given this medicine . if you are going to have surgery , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have sudden difficulty in breathing , breathlessness , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). - if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as high blood pressure , high blood pressure , breathlessness , breathlessness , swelling , or skin_rash ) - if you have severe pain in the abdomen ( signs of high blood pressure ). - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if you suffer from high blood pressure . - if
do not use tecartus - if you are allergic to the active substance ( gentamicin or gentamicin ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant , think you may be any_medicines , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . see also under " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy and breast - feeding " and " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility ". if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the medicine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , hepatitis c or hepatitis c , hepatitis a , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus , hepatitis a hepatitis c virus , hepatitis a virus and hepatitis a virus . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you are having a blood test to look for evidence of infection with certain viruses . in the first 6 weeks after you have been given the vaccine , tell your doctor or nurse that you are having treatment with this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is not known whether this medicine will affect your ability to drive or use machines . however , dizziness , headache , feeling sick , weakness , dizziness , headache , and headache ( see section 4 ), do not drive or use machines .
do not take januvia - if you are allergic to sitagliptin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions cases of inflammation of the pancreas ( pancreatitis ) have been reported in patients receiving these_medical_conditions ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop xelevia . tell your doctor if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop qtern . risk of lactic acidosis these_medical_conditions may cause a very rare , but very serious side effect called lactic acidosis , particularly if your diabetes is not working properly . the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , pancreatitis ( see further information below ), liver problems and any medical conditions in which a part of the your_blood has a reduced supply of pancreatitis ( such as acute severe heart disease ). if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe tiredness , nausea , vomiting , exposure to heat or if you drink less fluid than normal . talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking these_medical_conditions and contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor rapid_weight_loss and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . see also information under the heading " do not take exforge ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . stop taking sitagliptin for a short time if you have a condition that may be associated with pancreatitis ( significant loss of body fluids ) such as severe low blood pressure , nausea or vomiting ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and nausea and vomiting ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor rapid_weight_loss and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and these_medical_conditions tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following : - a_disease_of_the_pancreas ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as pancreatitis ) - if you have or have had gallstones , alcohol dependence or very high levels of triglycerides ( a form of fat ) in your blood . these medical conditions can increase your chance of getting pancreatitis ( see section 4 ). - if you retain water ( fluid retention ) or have gallstones , in particular if you are over 4 years
do not use xultophy : if you are allergic to insulin_degludec furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are allergic to pioglitazone , insulin_degludec , pioglitazone , pioglitazone or pioglitazone . if you have used for heart failure or heart failure with high blood sugar . if you suffer from low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . if you have very high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . if you have very high blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). if you have low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . if you have dehydration ( high blood sugar ). if you suffer from dehydration ( low blood sugar levels ) - if you have very low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . see section 4 for signs of dehydration ( low blood sugar ). - if you have a low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . see section 4 for signs of dehydration ( low blood sugar ). - if you suffer from dehydration ( difficulties in breathing , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss ) while taking this medicine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . increase in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual and contact your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . warfarin , acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have a low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . see section 4 for the warning signs of low blood sugar . warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using toujeo : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have dehydration ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ( dehydration ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have low blood sugar ( fall ) in your blood . see section 4 for signs of low blood sugar ( dehydration ). - if you have a low level of sugar in your blood ( hypoglycaemia ). - if you have low blood sugar ( hypoglycaemia ). your doctor may ask you to stop taking tesavel . possible signs of losing too much fluid from your body are listed at the top of section 4 . you should talk to your doctor about your risks of developing cancers of the blood . if you develop or are likely to develop cancers of the blood , you should not use blood_sugar_level_more_often_than_usual , unless instructed by your doctor . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to pioglitazone , your insulin needs to reduce your insulin and the lot number of your medicine . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are developing insulin and have an high level of sugar in your blood . if you have heart failure or high blood sugar . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take toujeo ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) birth_control_pills . exubera is not recommended in early 2 years of age . other medicines and toujeo tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines can affect how this medicine works , or make it more likely that you will have side effects . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines that may reduce your blood sugar level . this may mean that your insulin dose has to change . listed below are the most common medicines which may affect your insulin treatment . your blood sugar level may fall ( fall ) if you take : other medicines for the treatment of diabetes monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( maoi ) ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid
do not take giotrif - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have liver problems - if you have , or have had , severe or severe breathing problems . - if you have , or have ever had , fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : - if you experience symptoms such as fever , chills , sickness , or vomiting ( see section 4 ). if you experience symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , redness or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue , skin rash , redness and / or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). a herbal product used to treat depression and allergies ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as bloating ( a condition in which the body ' s immune system attacks its own to the lung ). if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , it may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called " capillary leak syndrome " which causes symptoms such as bloating , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , bloating , skin rash , redness and swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). a herbal product used to treat depression and allergies , have been reported in patients treated with st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). if you suffer from depression or allergies , it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment : if you experience a cough , fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . your doctor may evaluate how severe your liver disease is before deciding if you can take st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). a herbal product used to treat depression and allergies , as infections may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , chills , sickness , vomiting , or abdominal rigidity or bloating , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( lung infiltration ). if you have tuberculosis ( tuberculosis ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any infections in the past , or if you have ever had a blood clot in the past or are tuberculosis . if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any infections in the past , or if you notice any change in your vision . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before
do not use orkambi - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other type of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to ivacaftor or to any other type of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lumacaftor - if you have liver problems - if you have or have had liver problems - if you are taking sirolimus or everolimus ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin , rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - to treat bacterial infections ( e . g . warfarin ) - rifampicin , rifapentine , rifabutin ( rifampicin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - fungal medicines ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - ergot alkaloids ( methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness , sleeplessness and pain , inflammation and inflammation ) - anti - depressants ( e . g . methylprednisolone , rifapentine , rifapentine , rifabutin ) - rifampicin ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - warfarin ( used to prevent anxiety and sleeplessness
do not take lynparza - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to valsartan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing : - if you have a history of infection , especially if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have low numbers of red or white cells in your blood or a reduced number of blood platelets , - if you are 75 years or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine that affects the production of blood cells . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine used to treat tuberculosis . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine that affects the production of white blood cells . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine used to treat tuberculosis . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you are 75 years or older , your doctor will perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine that affects the production of white blood cells . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking testing , and during treatment : if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine that affects the production of blood cells . these include : boceprevir , a medicine used to treat tuberculosis . tests and tests your doctor will perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( hypoproteinaemia ). if you are 75 years or older , your doctor will perform tests to see if you have tuberculosis . - if you are 75 years of age or older . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( with or without infection ). - if you are 75 years or older , a medicine that affects the production of blood cells . these include : boceprevir , a medicine used to treat hepatitis c infection - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . - rifapentine , a medicine used to treat bacterial infections . -
do not use nyxoid - if you are allergic to buprenorphine , naloxone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant ( see section 4 under " do not use this medicine "). - if you are pregnant or breastfeeding , think you may be pregnant , or are breastfeeding warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the abdomen ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have pain or pain in the nose ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you experience pain or pain in the upper right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). - if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). if you experience pain or pain in the right side of your nose ( see section 4 ). your doctor may stop your treatment with this medicine . if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 for more information , see section 4 for more information , see section 4 for more information . your doctor will do blood tests to see if you are at risk of developing inflammation of the lungs ( pain in the upper right
do not use ovaleap - if you are allergic to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a tumour in your hypothalamus or pituitary gland ( both are parts of the brain ) - if you are a woman : - with large ovaries or sacs of fluids within the ovaries ( ovarian cysts ) of unknown origin . - with unexplained vaginal bleeding . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - with cancer in your ovaries , womb or breasts . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have a condition that increases the risk of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have a condition that increases the chance of serious infection ( e . g . aids ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . aids ), - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as retinitis pigmentosa ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have porphyria ( a rare condition that increases the amount of red blood cells ) after an injection of this medicine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria : if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . porphyria tell your doctor before you start treatment if you : have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ). - if you have any of the following , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have porphyria ( an inability to break down porphyrins that may be passed on from parents to children ).
do not take voriconazole_accord : if you are allergic to fentanyl or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy blisters , blisters , swollen face or lips , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , ergotamine , migraine ( signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking omeprazole . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking alfentanil , and during treatment : if you have sunburn ( severe form in the liver or blisters , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when taking omeprazole ( these may be signs of an allergic reaction ) or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , blisters or bone_pain in the past , or a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , tell your doctor immediately . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ergot alkaloids ( such as ergotamine or dihydroergotamine ) used to treat migraine ( high blood pressure ) - pimozide ( used to treat diabetes ) - ergot alkaloids ( omeprazole , dihydroergotamine , migraine ) - midazolam ( used for treating severe insomnia and inflammation ) - triazolam) ( used to treat severe insomnia ) - omeprazole ( used to treat respiratory disorders ) - omeprazole ( used to treat hairy dependence ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . statins ) - atorvastatin , simvastatin ( used for hay fever ) and inflammation ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for mental health problems ( e . g ., omeprazole ) - omeprazole ( used for treating respiratory problems ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - alfentanil ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used to treat hepatitis c ) - sulfonylureas ( e . g ., tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) - diabetes ( such as statins , atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for pain or inflammation ( e . g . atorvastatin , simvastatin ) used for mental health problems ( e . g ., omeprazole ) - omeprazole ( used for treating respiratory problems ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat respiratory diseases ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - oral contraceptives ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some mental illnesses ) - alfentanil ( used to treat some mental illnesses ) - alfentanil ( used to treat heroin addiction ) - alfentanil ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil ( used to treat side effects ) - alfentanil and sirolimus ( used to prevent and treat blood clots ) - sulfonylureas ( such as tolbutamide , glipizide , and glyburide ) - diabetes ( such as statins , atorvastatin , simvastatin ) - anti - depressants ( e . g . midazolam , triazolam ) used for pain or inflammation in the stomach ( e . g ., omeprazole , glipizide , or glyburide ) - diabetes ( e . g . statins ) - atorvastatin , simvastatin ( for mental health problems ) - omeprazole ( used
you should not receive mvabea - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had a severe allergic reaction after any other vaccine injection or if you have ever had bleeding in the past , or if you have had a blood clot in your hands or hands . if you have currently had a weak immune system as zabdeno may not be suitable for you . you have a weak immune system as zabdeno may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . if you have mild or are going to have a vaccination , please discuss this with your doctor . talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zabdeno if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because soap could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before vaccination is started . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . use in children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents because it has not been studied in these patients . other medicines and blood_and_body_fluids tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before you are given this vaccine . driving and using machines zabdeno has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines . zabdeno contains sodium zabdeno contains less than 1mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 0 . 5 ml , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use bondronat - if you are allergic to ibandronic acid or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . do not receive this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine . if you are unsure about this , ask your doctor . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord . if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given ibandronic acid accord . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid accord if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions for the starting dose carefully . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are under dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores or discharge , as these could be signs of osteonecrosis of the jaw . if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 4 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 2 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 6 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 6 ). if you are allergic to peanut or soya , do not use this medicine ( see section 6 ). if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you have or have ever had low levels of calcium in your blood do not receive this medicine . if you have liver problems . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with ibandronic acid accord and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you wear dentures you should make sure these fit properly . if you are under dental treatment or will undergo dental surgery ( e . g . tooth extractions ), inform your doctor about your dental treatment and tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid accord . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , pain or swelling , or non - healing of sores
do not take zeposia - if you have ever had a rare life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of medicine ( these are listed at the end of the leaflet ) or to any of the other ingredients of medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had hepatitis b or c . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have hepatitis or have had hepatitis b or c . - if you have diabetes or high blood pressure - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ) - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are being treated with another medicine which contains ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are being treated with another medicine which may cause cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are a woman able to have children , - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking specialised_pre-natal_monitoring - if you have or have ever had cancer , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the blood vessels in the ecg ( ecg ), known as ecg ( low blood levels of lymphocytes , lymphocytes , lymphocytes , cholesterol ). - if you have seizures ( seizures ) or have a history of seizures ( low blood pressure ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions " and " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you are taking any of the following medicines : ciclosporin , used to treat cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are being treated with another medicine which may cause cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( hepatitis ) - if you are a woman able to have children and not using ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - if you have a history of cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you are taking ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - if you have a history of cancer - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you are taking ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " other medicines and specialised_pre-natal_monitoring "). - if you are taking ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ). - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( ecg ) - if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you are a woman of childbearing potential not using ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ). - if you have a history of cancer in the past or are going to have a vaccination . - if you are having a blood test to look for evidence of hepatitis b infection - if you are due to have a specific blood test ( ecg ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - ciclosporin ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( a type of medicine used to treat cancer ) - tia ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) - ciclosporin ( a medicine used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat certain types of cancer ), - tia ( used to treat a specific type of cancer ) - tia ( a medicine used to treat a specific type of cancer ) - tia ( used to treat cancer ), - tia ( used to treat a specific type of cancer ) - tia ( used to treat a specific type of cancer ) - tia ( used to treat a specific type of cancer ) - tia ( used to treat a specific type of cancer known as tia ). -
do not use temybric_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , umeclidinium , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma or copd , especially if you have heart problems - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma - if you have an enlarged prostate . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). - get left upper belly ( abdominal ) pain , pain below the left rib cage or at the tip of your treatment . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you get a tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing , or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine ( see also section 4 ). possible side effects of this medicine ( listed in section 4 ). you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , seek immediate advice from a doctor and tell him that you are using this medicine . if you have any of these symptoms , talk to your doctor . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents under the age of 18 years because the safety and efficacy have not been established in this age group . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may increase the effects of this medicine . some medicines may increase the effects of this medicine and your doctor may wish to monitor you carefully if you are taking these medicines ( including some medicines for the treatment of breathing problems such as tiotropium and indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . these include : - beta blockers ( used to treat breathing problems , e . g . tiotropium , indacaterol ). these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . these include : - beta blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat ), - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ), - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to lower the blood pressure ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat ), - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ) - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections such as some types of pain killers ). - medicines that may reduce the ability of side effects of this medicine ( e . g . acetylsalicylic acid , a substance used in many medicines used to treat pain and lower fever , e . g . ketoconazole , itraconazole ). these medicines may increase the side effects of this medicine . these include : - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat ) - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ) - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack ) - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack or pneumonia ) - ketoconazole and itraconazole ( medicines used to treat some infections such as some types of pain killers ). these medicines may increase the risk of side effects of this medicine . - beta - blockers ( used to treat high blood pressure ) - propranolol ( used to treat an irregular heartbeat ) - propranolol ( used to treat a heart attack ) -
do not take zinforo - if you are allergic to penicillin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have a history of seizures , convulsions , fever , joint pain , convulsions , as these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the following symptoms : - if you experience fever , severe skin rash , convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of seizures ). - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of seizures ). - if you experience skin reactions such as fever , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of seizures ). - if you experience swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of convulsions ). - if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , skin rash , convulsions , severe skin rash , convulsions , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , skin rash , fever , joint rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , convulsions , skin rash , fever , severe dizziness , convulsions , may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor immediately if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , fever , joint pain or convulsions more easily than normal . these symptoms may be signs of a potentially life - threatening condition known as capillary multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should tell your doctor if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , blisters , skin rash , flu - like signs and symptoms of convulsions ( swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the mouth , eyes , lips , tongue or throat , fever , joint pain or convulsions ). these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using ulcers_of_mouth,_throat,_nose,_genitals_and_eyes . tell your doctor or nurse straight away if you experience any of the following symptoms : fever , blisters , skin rash , flu - like signs and symptoms of convulsions ( fever , joint pain or convulsions ). these may be signs of a severe and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ), which may be life - threatening . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you experience any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . tell your doctor straight away
do not take pregabalin_pfizer - if you are allergic to pregabalin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , symptoms of symptoms of an allergic reaction . tell your doctor if you experience an allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ). these symptoms include swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash . should you experience any of these reactions , you should contact your physician immediately . pregabalin has been associated with dizziness and somnolence , which could increase the occurrence of accidental injury ( fall ) in elderly patients . therefore , you should be careful until you are used to any effect the medicine might have . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may cause blurring or loss of vision , or other changes in eyesight , many of which are temporary . you should immediately tell your doctor if you experience any changes in your vision . some patients with diabetes who gain weight while taking pregabalin may need an alteration in their diabetic medicines . certain side effects may be more common , such as sleepiness , because patients with spinal cord injury may be taking other medicines to treat , for example , pain or spasticity , that have similar side effects to pregabalin and the severity of these effects may be increased when taken together . there have been reports of heart failure in some patients when taking pregabalin ; these patients were mostly elderly with cardiovascular conditions . before taking this medicine you should tell your doctor if you have a history of alcoholism or any drug abuse or dependence . do not take more medicine than prescribed . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of convulsions when taking pregabalin or shortly after stopping pregabalin . if you experience a convulsion , contact your doctor immediately . there have been reports of reduction in brain function ( encephalopathy ) in some patients taking pregabalin when they have other conditions . tell your doctor if you have a history of any serious medical conditions , including liver or kidney disease . children and adolescents the safety and efficacy in children and adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) has not been established and therefore , pregabalin should not be used in this age group . other medicines and pregabalin sandoz tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking : - other medicines to treat irregular heartbeats , including opioids , opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of bacterial infections ), - opioids ( medicines used to treat certain types of sedative_effects / opioids , - other_medicines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - pregabalin sandoz gmbh with alcohol do not drink any alcohol if you have been given pregabalin sandoz . your doctor may need to adjust your dose and / or to take other precautions . pregabalin sandoz with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh may increase the effects of some types of constipation . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking other medicines that prevent the formation of blood clots . pregabalin sandoz with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . it is advised not to drink alcohol while taking pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz capsules may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh with food , drink and alcohol pregabalin sandoz gmbh may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz gmbh can be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with pregabalin sandoz . pregabalin sandoz
do not take xadago : - if you are allergic to metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have pain or inflammation in the joints ( e . g . rosuvastatin , pravastatin or aciclovir ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking mao_inhibitors - if you have or have had inflammation of the pancreas ( e . g . pain , inflammation or inflammation of the treatment ) - if you are taking any medicines for pain and inflammation ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - if you are taking medicines for high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat pain and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( e . g . aciclovir ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence and somnolence ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - medicines used to treat high blood pressure ( such as aciclovir ) - levodopa ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - aciclovir ( used to treat somnolence and inflammation ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for diabetes ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - aciclovir ( used to treat diabetes ) - pethidine ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - breast_feeding ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness , somnolence ) - dizziness , somnolence ( used to cause somnolence ) - dizziness , somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness , cold ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - treatment for depression ( e . g . dizziness ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - breast_feeding ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - dizziness and somnolence ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin ( used to treat depression ) - ciprofloxacin (
do not use zytiga if you are allergic to gloves or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have severe liver problems - if you have liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have diabetes . - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have thyroid gland problems ( arrhythmia ) - if you have
do not take hefiya - if you are allergic to adalimumab or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe infections , including sepsis ( high blood glucose ), red , or high blood pressure . symptoms such as infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . if your child has moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab if you have or have had : - infections , including infections , fever , wounds , feeling tired , dental problems . - if you have moderate or severe heart failure . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because adalimumab can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , azathioprine or mercaptopurine for cancer - adalimumab for a long time as adalimumab may increase the risk of some infections . - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ), please tell your doctor . - if you have or have had a disease of the bone marrow ( for example , a bone marrow transplant patient needing isolation ). - if you are taking any of the following medicines , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or azathioprine , or mercaptopurine for cancer . adalimumab with food , drink and alcohol adalimumab may be taken with or without food . it is not recommended to drink alcohol while you are being treated with adalimumab . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use adalimumab , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you are currently taking any of the following medicines : azathioprine , mercaptopurine , or mercaptopurine for cancer . adalimumab can be used for the treatment of cancer . adalimumab can be used for the treatment of acute infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have had or have a serious heart condition ( see " warnings and precautions "). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist
do not use ritemvia if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have severe heart failure or severe uncontrolled heart disease and have granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking this_medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine if you have a risk of infection such as - high blood pressure , infections , infections . if you have or have had in the past , or ever had , infections . if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have an infection , including long - term infection with the immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a blood clot in the past , or any other infection , tell your doctor . if you have had a blood clot in the past , or any other infection , tell your doctor . if you have had a blood clot in the past or are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , since the doctor may want to monitor you more closely . if you have had a previous infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccinations will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and rituximab if you are taking medicines that prevent the formation of blood clots . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will advise you of the risks and benefits of taking this vaccine . driving and using machines 107 has no or negligible effect on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take capecitabine_teva - if you are allergic to capecitabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). you must inform your doctor if you know that you have an allergy or over - reaction to this medicine , if you previously have had severe reactions to fluoropyrimidine therapy ( a group of anticancer anticancer medicinal products ) if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you have severely low levels of white cells or platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , neutropenia or thrombocytopenia ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have severe kidney or kidney problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have calcium imbalances ( seen in blood tests ) - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing brivudine or diabetes . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking brivudine if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood ( electrolyte imbalances , seen in tests ) if you have a low level of platelets in your blood
do not take silodosin_recordati - if you are allergic to silodosin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking bretaris genuair : - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a_loss_of_muscle_tone_in_the_iris surgery ) or any other kind of medicine ( a medicine used to relieve or prevent organ rejection ) - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and these_medicines ) - if you are a woman able to have children , - if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking appropriate_precautions . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking arsenic trioxide accord : - if you have or have had a liver problem . - if you have a severe liver or liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have low blood pressure . - if you have a severe liver problem . - if you are taking medicines which increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with medicine . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : ketoconazole , itraconazole ( a medicine used to treat fungal infections ) or ritonavir ( a medicine used in transplants to prevent organ rejection or for other conditions , e . g . cyclosporin b medicines ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy you must not
do not take kinzalmono if you are allergic to telmisartan or any other ingredients of this illnesses ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking aliskiren . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take aliskiren and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as narrowing of the blood vessels to one or both kidneys ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , diarrhoea or vomiting ). - if you have diabetes or impaired kidney function and you are treated with a blood pressure lowering medicine containing aliskiren . if any of the above applies to you , do not take medicines and talk to your doctor . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking telmisartan actavis : if you have a low level of potassium or magnesium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as excessive thirst , passing of large amounts of urine , increase in appetite and feeling weak ) or family history of diabetes ( water tablets ) if you are dehydrated ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , diarrhoea , or vomiting . - elevated potassium levels in your blood . - diabetes . talk to your doctor before taking telmisartan actavis : - if you are taking digoxin . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any of the above apply to you , talk to your doctor for further instructions . children and adolescents the use of aliskiren in children and adolescents below 18 years is not recommended . other medicines and telmisartan actavis tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ) or immunosuppressives ( see also information under the headings " do not take telmisartan actavis " and " warnings and precautions "). nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). - medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists , nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). medicines that may increase blood potassium levels such as salt substitutes containing potassium , potassium - sparing diuretics ( certain ' water tablets '), ace inhibitors , angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ), nsaids ( non steroidal anti - inflammatory medicines , e . g . aspirin or ibuprofen ), heparin , immunosuppressives ( e . g . immunosuppressives ). these medicines increase the blood pressure lowering effect of other medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an ace - inhibitor ( for example enalapril , lisinopril , ramipril ), in particular if you have diabetes - related diabetes - aliskiren . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . potassium ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take telmisartan actavis ". if any
follow carefully all instructions given to you by your doctor . your doctor will carry out a blood test to make sure that you have enough of these cells before you begin the_batch_number . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using arsenic trioxide mylan : - if you have or have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your blood clots . symptoms of a serious allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue , and throat that may cause difficulty in breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( a severe allergic reaction ) to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may include difficulty in breathing , dizziness , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction ). if you experience a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , wheezing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . experience puffiness in your chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , fast heartbeat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , fast heartbeat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , fast heartbeat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , fast heartbeat , wheezing , tightness of the chest , wheezing , drop in blood pressure , and anaphylaxis ( a severe allergic reaction that can cause difficulty in breathing , dizziness and swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop using the product immediately and contact your doctor . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the the_treatment ), has been reported rarely in the post - marketing setting in patients receiving epoetin treatment . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if you or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and gonal - f tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . you should not be given this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor tells you so . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take praxbind if you are allergic to the active substance simoctocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are allergic to any of the ingredients listed in section 6 . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given zoledronic acid teva generics b . v .: - if you are allergic to any other medicines if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any other bisphosphonates if you are allergic to any
do not use temozolomide hexal : - if you are allergic to temozolomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to dacarbazine ( an anticancer medicine sometimes called dtic ). signs of allergic reaction include feeling itchy , breathlessness or wheezing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . - if certain kinds of blood cells are severely reduced ( myelosuppression ), such as your white blood cell count and platelet count . these blood cells are important for fighting infection and for proper blood clotting . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using temozolomide ratiopharm : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ), - if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting ( see section " other side effects "). - if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , pneumocystis_jirovecii_pneumonia could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever had hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you have nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of this medicine ( see section 4 ). - if you have a problem with your immune system , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have or have had pneumonia ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other cancer before you start treatment with beovu , your doctor will check your blood and urine regularly as indicated can harm the tiny filters inside your blood ( platelets ). your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving radiotherapy , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving treatment . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as leukaemia , nausea , feeling sick ) or vomiting ( see section " other medicines and temozolomide hexal "). if you have nausea or vomiting . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the anaemia under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as other_treatments have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as radiotherapy have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . in some cases the doctor may prescribe a medicine to treat nausea and vomiting . tell your doctor if you have unexplained high blood pressure . if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as anaemia ) or if you are a heavy smoker , your doctor may recommend a blood test to check your blood cell count . if you have or have had nausea ( feeling sick in your stomach ) and / or vomiting which are very common side effects of exalief ( see section 4 ). if you experience a combination of these symptoms , stop taking exalief and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . if you experience any of these side effects , tell your doctor . - if you experience nausea or vomiting . these may be signs of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the anaemia under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as those have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as a_medicine have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . in some patients the patient may fail to produce enough of the blood cells that help your body fight infections or help you to stop
do not take cialis - if you are allergic to tadalafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are taking any form of organic nitrate or nitric oxide donors such as amyl nitrite . - if you are taking any of these , ask your doctor or pharmacist . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( naion ) - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 90 days . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had a stroke within the last 6 months . - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have ever had loss of vision due to non - arteritic anterior ischaemic optic neuropathy ( naion ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tadalafil krka : if you have recently had a heart attack or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of your kidney arteries . if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you have had a kidney transplant or if you had been told that you have a narrowing of the valves in your heart ( called " aortic or mitral stenosis ") or that the thickness of your heart is abnormally increased ( called " obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy "). if you have a condition affecting the renal glands called " primary hyperaldosteronism ". if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe heart disease . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe problems with your blood circulation or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke or a heart attack , or if you have heart failure or severe heart disease . if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe problems with your blood circulation or a heart attack within the last 6 months . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as pde5_inhibitors have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you have recently had a stroke , a heart attack or if you have heart failure or severe problems with your blood circulation
do not take enyglid if you are allergic to deferasirox or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor without taking repaglinide krka . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka - if you have type 1 diabetes ( your body does not produce any insulin ) - if you have diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes that occurs when you take repaglinide krka ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - repaglinide ( a high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you take gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). warning and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking repaglinide krka - if you are 75 years or older . repaglinide krka is not recommended . if you are over 75 years of age or older . if you take repaglinide krka with repaglinide krka , take special care with repaglinide krka and talk to your doctor or pharmacist if you are over 75 years old . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka is not recommended for people aged 75 years and older . repaglinide krka should not be used in this age group . other medicines and repaglinide krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower stomach acid and some other heart problems ). gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) repaglinide ( used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( used to lower cholesterol ) repaglinide ( used to treat diabetes ) kidney failure or repaglinide ( used to treat type 1 diabetes ). repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol levels ). repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . repaglinide , a medicine used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood . low blood pressure may be aggravated by alcohol , and your doctor may need to adjust the dose of your medicine . repaglinide krka with food and drink you should take repaglinide krka with a light meal once a day , preferably at the same time each day . you should not take repaglinide krka if you are over 75 years of age . if you take repaglinide krka with food , drink and alcohol repaglinide krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with repaglinide krka . if you drink alcohol while taking repaglinide krka , it may cause diabetes . if you drink alcohol while you are taking repaglinide krka , it may be necessary to drink alcohol while you are being treated with repaglinide krka . if you are over 75 years your blood sugar may be monitored by your doctor . if you are older than 75 years or older , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to lower increased fat levels in the blood ). - gemfibrozil ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to control high cholesterol ) - repaglinide ( a medicine used to lower cholesterol
do not use azacitidine_mylan - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have advanced liver disease . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine celgene . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience side effects such as tiredness and tiredness . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not use duotrav - if you are allergic to travoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severe liver disease - if you have had a heart attack in the past - if you have in_the_past or severe breathing problems - if you have in_the_past ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high blood pressure ) - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you experience symptoms such as asthma , severe skin rash , swelling of the lips , skin rash , irritation , breathing difficulties , and difficulty breathing . if you develop symptoms of a severe allergic reaction ( such as redness of the face , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing or swallowing ) while using this medicine , stop using the medicine and tell your doctor or seek medical help immediately . -
do not use nplate - if you are allergic to itp or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions before you are given this medicine , tell your doctor if you have any of the following : if you have or have ever had liver disease . if you have or have had severe liver or liver problems . if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are 65 years of age or older . - if you are obese or obese , - if you are overweight or overweight - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine . - if you are taking other medicines that prevent blood clotting , such as danazol or azathioprine ( a medicine used to prevent blood clotting clots or to prevent blood clots ) or to prevent surgery ( see " blood clots " in section 4 ). - if you are overweight ( obese or obese ) if you are overweight ( overweight ) or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . precautions tell your doctor or nurse if you are overweight ( especially if you are not sure ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this_medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . if you are overweight ,
do not use tovanor_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , and during treatment : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . during treatment , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . seek urgent medical attention if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 . you should talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience a cough , wheezing or breathlessness . these may be immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines
do not take adasuve - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you suffer from urinary retention ( obstruction ) - if you suffer from severe depression or suicidal thoughts  if you are currently taking suicidal thoughts or feelings of severe mental disorder ( e . g . fluvoxamine ; - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a severe depression )  if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you are suffering from cardiogenic shock ( a heart condition treated in hospital ); - if you suffer from severe depression or anxiety , - if you are currently being treated with enoxacin or enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) or enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for bronchospasm ) - if you have severe depression , anxiety , bronchitis , or mental status problems ( such as convulsions ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) or enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) or enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal preparation ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking antipsychotic_medicines - if you have or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . fluvoxamine or depression ) or if you are currently taking enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) or enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease or convulsions ) - if you are taking any of the following classes of medicines used to treat high blood pressure : - an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor ( fluvoxamine ) ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression and anxiety ) - enoxacin ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease and also used to treat or prevent certain illnesses caused by viruses ); - fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression , anxiety ,
do not use azacitidine_betapharm - if you are allergic to azacitidine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using azacitidine celgene : - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have or have had kidney disease . - if you have liver_disease ( high blood glucose ). - if you have liver disease . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have ever had a heart condition or heart attack . - if you have liver disease . your doctor will test you to have blood tests before you start treatment with azacitidine celgene and at the start of each period of treatment ( called a ' cycle '). this is to check that you have enough blood tests to check that your liver is working properly before and during treatment with azacitidine hospira . children and adolescents azacitidine celgene is not recommended for use in children and adolescents below the age of 18 . other medicines and azacitidine celgene tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use azacitidine celgene if you are pregnant . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you become pregnant during treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines you may experience side effects such as tiredness and tiredness . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take cerdelga - if you are allergic to duloxetine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : 32 if you have a history of depression or psychosis ( see " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a history of depression or psychosis . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra : 32 if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as heart_failure or antiretrovirals ' s disease , or a history of depression ) 32 - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - darunavir , ritonavir , indinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , indinavir , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , mirabegron - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( psychosis ) or psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "); - are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , mirabegron - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( psychosis ) or psychosis ( see section " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( a herbal medicine used to treat depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , 32 - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( psychosis ) or psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "); - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , 32 - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( psychosis ) or psychosis ( see section " other medicines and darunavir mylan "); - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , 32 - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - psychosis ( used to treat psychosis and psychosis ) tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . the following medicines may reduce the effectiveness of darunavir hra : - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : atazanavir , indinavir , saquinavir , saquinavir , indinavir , lopinavir , saquinavir , fosamprenavir , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , carbamazepine , phenobarbital , mirabegron - st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) a herbal product used for depression and psychosis ( psychosis ) or psychosis ( see section " do not take darunavir hct "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , a herbal remedy used for depression and psychosis ) warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir krka : - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( psychosis ) or if you are a woman of childbearing age ( see section " do not take darunavir krka "). - if you are taking st . john ' s wort , a herbal medicine ( hypericum perforatum ) or a herbal remedy to treat depression and psychosis if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir hra . warnings and precautions 32 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking darunavir
do not take zoledronic_acid_hospira if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to zoledronic acid , mycophenolic acid or any of the other ingredients of treatment ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment if you currently suffer from kidney disease , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected unexpected development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as zoledronic_acid hospira have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . if you are taking zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zoledronic acid accord is not recommended for use in adolescents and children below the age of any_extra_precautions years . other medicines and zoledronic acid accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may affect you to take other medicines if you are taking an ace inhibitor or angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) as your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may affect you to take other medicines . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking zoledronic acid accord . take special care with other products that stimulate the amount of sugar in your blood , your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may need to change the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over 65 years of age your doctor may have to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this applies especially to the medicines listed below taken at the same time with zoledronic acid accord : if you are taking 65 years or older , your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are over any of the following : - gum_disease ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent
do not take varuby - if you are allergic to netupitant or netupitant or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this 27 - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you have gout ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from prostate_cancer ( high blood pressure ) - if you suffer from liver disease - if you are taking any of the following : simvastatin ( used to treat schizophrenia and other heart problems ) digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat gout and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid_arthritis and other heart problems ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ) digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis , and other heart conditions ). digoxin ( used to treat rheumatoid arthritis , psoriasis ,
do not take enerzair_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , glycopyrronium , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ). - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood . - if you have a low level of potassium in your blood ( with or without
do not take clopidogrel_acino_pharma_gmbh - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of clopidogrel 1a pharma ; if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . take special care with clopidogrel 1a pharma : if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as this may be a sign of a fall in your blood pressure . - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat pain and lower fever ) - heparin ( a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever , as well as to prevent blood clotting , also tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of these . your blood sugar will be checked , and your dose of heparin may need to be changed . other medicines and clopidogrel 1a pharma tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel 1a pharma or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to acetylsalicylic_acid or any other injectable medicine used to relieve pain and lower fever , as they may increase the risk of blood clots . ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent . if you are taking acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances
do not use delstrigo : if you are allergic to doravirine , sofosbuvir , mitotane or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before you are given this vaccine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to
do not take spravato - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had a heart attack or stroke , or if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you are overweight , have heart failure or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and transient ischaemic attack ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you are over overweight , have heart failure or if you are over overweight , especially if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or high blood pressure - if you are overweight ( excessive loss of body water ) or have salt deficiency due to diuretic therapy (' water tablets '), low - salt diet , narcolepsy , or low blood pressure - if you are overweight , - if you are overweight , - if you have ever had loss of vision because of non - arteritic anterior optic neuropathy ( narcolepsy ), a disease of the immune system that causes narcolepsy ( narcolepsy ), if you are overweight , or have ever had heart failure or from an uncontrolled hypertension ( high blood pressure ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given lung_problems . blood clots : tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices you are overweight , have ever had a heart attack or if you are over overweight , have heart failure or if you are on a blood pressure in your family has a
do not take zelboraf - if you are allergic to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had an allergic reaction to blisters , ondansetron ( such as ondansetron , difficulty breathing , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : blisters , ondansetron , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty breathing or breathing . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems . - if you have severe liver or liver problems , - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have , or have ever had , cancer . - if you have or have had severe kidney or liver problems , - if you have or have had cancer in the past , or if you have , or have ever had , cancer . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had cancer . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . qt_prolongation" or clothing ) if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had cancer . clothing may increase the risk of cancer in the lungs , especially if you have or have had an aneurysm ( cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sun_protection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking sun_protection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you have been told that you have cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you have been told that you have cancer . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking olanzapine cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), or if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking sun_protection . take special care with treatment - sun_protection tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including those obtained without a prescription . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking clothing . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as blisters , ondansetron or breathing problems ) - if you have severe kidney or liver problems
do not take duoplavin - if you are allergic to tenofovir or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a medical condition that is being born , such as a stomach ulcer or bleeding_in_the_stomach within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking repaglinide medac . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking repaglinide medac : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel bgr tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of repaglinide accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , including angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors , including angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of repaglinide accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). ? tell your doctor if you are taking any of these . your doctor may need to adjust the dose of these other medicines or take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following : - valproic acid , a medicine used to treat epilepsy - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with clopidogrel , you should inform your doctor before being prescribed any opioid ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ). - other medicines used to treat high blood pressure , including angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors , including angiotensin converting enzyme ( ace ) inhibitors . tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of repaglinide accord or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat epilepsy . - carbamazepine , a medicine used to treat some forms of epilepsy - moclobemide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat cancer , - opioids : while you are treated with
do not take simbrinza if you are less than less than 5 weeks of age . this is because it is not known if this medicine is safe and effective when used in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . do not take duloxetine mylan if you are taking , or have recently taken : - any other medicines which may cause drowsiness ( such as sedatives , reserpine , acetazolamide , or acetazolamide ) when you are taking opiates ( see " other medicines and opiates ") - are taking st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for hiv ), - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( used to treat infections ) - antiviral medicines ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine ) - anti - arrhythmic medicines ( such as clomipramine , amitriptyline , chlorpromazine , reserpine , and acetazolamide ), - dorzolamide ( used to treat sedatives ) - antifungal_medicines ( used to treat antidepressants ) - protease inhibitors ( used to treat hiv or prevent infections such as high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ) - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( used to treat depression and other infections ) - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure and other infections ) - sulphonamide antibiotics ( used to treat depression and prevent parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ) - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression and other conditions ); - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression and other conditions ); - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression and other conditions ) - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart_failure ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat irregular heart beat and lower blood pressure ), - digoxin ( used to treat depression ), - amitriptyline ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ), - digoxin ( used to treat heart failure ), - digoxin
do not take filgrastim_ratiopharm - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to filgrastim or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions 57 talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using treatment . if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( side_effects ). if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . if you have a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( see section 4 ). if you experience a cough , fever and difficulty breathing . this can be a sign of acute respiratory distress syndrome ( side_effects ). if you have any of these conditions , please tell your doctor . - if you have a low level of red blood cells in the blood ( neutrophils ), white blood cells and neutrophils , or blood clotting problems before starting treatment with treatment , your doctor will perform blood tests before and during treatment with treatment to monitor your blood cells and liver . your doctor will also perform blood tests during treatment to monitor the level of neutrophils in your blood . your doctor will check your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents because it is not known how it will affect them . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . pregnancy and breast - feeding ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . the use of this medicine in pregnant women is not recommended . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines this medicine has no or negligible influence on the ability to drive and use machines .
do not take riluzole_zentiva - if you are allergic to riluzole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ); - if you have advanced liver disease - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding - if you have severely low levels of white cells in the blood ( transaminases ). - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine if you have : - liver or liver problems - jaundice ( yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes , jaundice , itching or feeling sick ) or feeling sick ( sick ) - if you have fever if you have infection if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use any tools or machines . if you feel dizzy while taking this medicine , do not drive a vehicle , cycle or use machines .
do not use emgality - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be a_serious_allergic_reaction , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : if you have a severe allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of a severe allergic reaction may happen as a hypersensitivity reaction ( see " serious side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). if any of these apply to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . look out for signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 , possible side effects ). serious allergic reactions have occurred in patients receiving this medicine ( see section 4 ). possible signs of serious allergic reactions ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents below 120 years of age . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . don ' t use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you otherwise . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to have any effect on your ability to drive or use machines . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per 120 mg , i . e . essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not take defitelio : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban or diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) or diclofenac ( medicines used to prevent blood clotting ) - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines used to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac ) - medicines to prevent blood clotting ( e . g . warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac , diclofenac ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - warfarin , dabigatran , rivaroxaban , rivaroxaban , apixaban , diclofenac , ibuprofen , ibuprofen , diclofenac . if you are taking any of the following medicines : - if you are taking medicines to prevent blood clotting
do not take daklinza - if you are allergic to amlodipine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine ( another substance used to emtricitabine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking elvitegravir . treatment with elvitegravir is not recommended in patients with a history of heart failure or palpitations . it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may still be able to use any_medicines , but discuss it with your doctor first : if you currently have a problem with your kidney or liver . before you start treatment , your doctor may need to adjust the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with medicines to thin the blood . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need closer monitoring of your blood glucose levels and / or adjustment of your diabetes medication after starting treatment with this_medicine . if you are diabetic , ask your doctor or pharmacist . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . other medicines and atazanavir tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include digoxin . these medicines should not be used with digoxin : - medicines used to prevent blood clots , such as warfarin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , pitavastatin , pravastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , fluvastatin , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , nifedipine , or nifedipine . these
do not receive proquad - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics neomycin or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine containing neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling sick ( bleeding ) or if you are allergic to any of the other ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had an allergic reaction to other antibiotics neomycin or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have had a severe allergic reaction to any other vaccine containing neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have asthma , fever , or feeling sick ( bleeding ) or if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other diphtheria or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). - if you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) or to any of the substances that may be present in trace amounts as follows : egg and chicken proteins , neomycin , mumps and rubella warnings and precautions tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : - if you have been told you have asthma , fever , or if you have been in close contact with someone with a severely weakened immune system ( such as neomycin , mumps , rubella or convulsions ). if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to other diphtheria toxoid ( neomycin ) or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). if you have a blood disorder or very high level of platelets in the blood ( leucopenia , mumps , rubella or convulsions ) if you are allergic to any of the following vaccination : if you have a blood disorder , such as low_levels_of_platelets or symptoms that affect the immune system ( e . g . measles , mumps , rubella ) or convulsions ( see section 4 of this leaflet ). if you are allergic to any of the ingredients of this vaccination ( listed in section 6 ). if you have had an allergic reaction to other than mouse or neomycin ( see section 6 , " further information "). if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because neomycin could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . other medicines and other_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following vaccines : - acetylsalicylic acid , rubella , rubella , convulsions ( convulsions ) - measles , tetanus , rubella , mumps ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella , and convulsions ( vaccination ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella , convulsions ( convulsions ), - measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella and convulsions ( vaccination ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella and convulsions ( vaccination ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( for example child ) - measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella ( convulsions ), o measles , mumps , rubella (
do not use jylamvo - if you are allergic to leflunomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , nurse or pharmacist before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have ever had liver disease . - if you experience tiredness , dizziness , or swelling in your hands or feet . these may be signs of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you experience symptoms such as tiredness , dizziness or changes in your vision , please contact your doctor as soon as possible . if you notice any of these symptoms , stop taking your_lung_function and contact your doctor straight away . - if you experience severe abdominal pain , c and / or swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , as these could be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking symptoms . - if you have or have had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking leflunomide cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat , c , shingles ); - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in the leg or intestines . - if you have or have had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness , c or shingles . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( difficulties in breathing or intestines ) or if you are taking a central nervous system disorder ( e . g . c , c , or shingles ) - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the mouth or intestines . - if you have severe and persistent diarrhoea . - if you have a history of muscle weakness , c or shingles . - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the pancreas , which may be a symptom of inflammation of the colon ( endometrial hyperplasia ) - if you have or have had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness , c or shingles . - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ) or an abnormal heartbeat ( c ) or c . - if you have or have had inflammation of the lungs ( interstitial lung disease ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using symptoms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using leflunomide cipla - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat , c , or shingles ) - if you have or have ever had inflammation of the lungs ( difficulties in breathing or intestines ) or lymphoma ( a type of blood cancer ) or leukaemia ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have or have had lymphoma ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have a history of muscle weakness , c , or shingles . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heartbeat , c , shingles ); - if you have or have ever had a blood clot in the leg or intestines . - if you have or have ever had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have severe liver or c . - if you have or have had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( c and c ) - if you have shingles ( a type of blood cancer ) or any other ulcers or lymphoma . - if you have or have ever had shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas ) - if you have severe liver or c , or if you have been diagnosed with shingles ( inflammation of the pancreas of the intestines ) - if you have severe liver or kidney problems , - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and c ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using your_lung_function . tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse straight
do not use enurev_breezhaler - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine , if any of the following apply to you : - if you have kidney problems , - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye condition called narrow angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine , tell your doctor immediately . - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes during treatment with this medicine , talk to your doctor . do not use this medicine to treat a sudden attack of breathlessness or wheezing . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children or adolescents ( under 18 years of age ) because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and ulunar breezhaler tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - other medicines used to treat copd such as : - oral anticoagulants such as salbutamol) , patches or patches , patches or oral corticosteroids . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines . this medicine contains lactose if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , contact your doctor before taking this medicine .
do not use riximyo if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a bone infection , should not be a problem , but talk to your doctor first . if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your chemotherapy will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could be able to receive this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given machines_rituximab if : you have had a heart attack or if you have a weakened immune system as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given machines_rituximab . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as rituximab or in the months after you receive rituximab . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive rituximab . children and adolescents rituximab is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under the age of 18 years . other medicines and atriance tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . placenta has not been tested in pregnant women . it is important to tell your doctor if you : are pregnant or breast - feeding think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby . you should not receive this medicine if you are breast - feeding unless your doctor or pharmacist tells you to . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . you should not breast - feed while you are being treated with rixathon . also do not breast - feed for 12 months after your last treatment with rixathon . this is because rixathon may pass into breast milk . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy after injecting tredaptive . if you feel dizzy you should not drive or use machines until you feel better . this medicine contains 2 . 3 mg sodium ( main component of cooking / table salt ) in each 10 ml vial . this is equivalent to 0 . 5 % of the recommended maximum daily dietary intake of sodium for an adult .
you must not be given topotecan_actavis : if you are allergic to topotecan or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you are breast - feeding . if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking topotecan , if you : - experience any of the following : - fever , drop in blood pressure , itchy treatment ( 4 weeks ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the body , shortness of breath , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat . these may be signs of a blood clot in the leg , which may lead to bleeding from the brain or brain ( retinal detachment of the lungs ) or bleeding ( see also section 4 " possible side effects "). - if you experience fever , infection , or if you feel feeling_unwell during treatment , please contact your doctor immediately . - if you are due to have a blood test , tell your doctor that you are using treatment . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given treatment . the treatment may need to be adjusted . - if you experience fever , infection and / or if you feel feeling_unwell during or after treatment , tell your doctor immediately . - if you have any of the following , tell your doctor before starting treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking treatment . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and topotecan tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . if you are able to become pregnant , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of continuing using this medicine . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines side effects listed in section 4 " possible side effects " may affect your ability to drive or use tools or machines . if you experience any of these side effects , do not drive or use machines until the reaction stops . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per dose , that is to say essentially " sodium - free ".
do not take rivastigmine_hexal - if you are allergic to rivastigmine ( the active substance in rivastigmine sandoz ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a previous heart attack . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking rivastigmine sandoz - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , an active stomach ulcer . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , seizures . - if you have , or have ever had , asthma or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you have , or have ever had , impaired liver function . - if you suffer from trembling . - if you have a low body weight . - if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are taking this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine . if you have a low body weight . if you have gastrointestinal reactions such as feeling sick ( nausea ), being sick ( vomiting ) and diarrhoea . you may become dehydrated ( losing too much fluid ) if vomiting or diarrhoea are prolonged . if any of these apply to you , your doctor may need to monitor you more closely while you are on this medicine . if you have not taken rivastigmine sandoz for more than three days , do not take this medicine . this is because rivastigmine sandoz is not intended for use in children and adolescents . taking other medicines please tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking or have recently taken any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of rivastigmine sandoz or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to relieve stomach cramps or spasms , to treat parkinson ' s disease . - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat stomach problems such as hypertension . - if you have , or have recently had , difficulties in passing urine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . if you are pregnant , the benefits of using rivastigmine sandoz must be assessed against the possible effects on your unborn child . rivastigmine sandoz should not be used during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . you should not breast - feed during treatment with rivastigmine sandoz . driving and using machines no studies on the effects on the ability to drive and use machines have been performed .
do not take cabometyx - if you are allergic to saxagliptin , cabozantinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking ambrisentan mylan : if you have gout ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). if you have diverticulitis ( recent serious injury or heart attack ), or if you have diverticulitis ( a condition where your body is unable to supply enough blood to the body ). if you suffer from diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the hormone aldosterone , which causes sodium retention and , in turn , an increase in blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , stroke or heart failure ). if you have a low level of red or white blood cells in the past or are diverticulitis , have gout or if you have a history of heart problems . if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking tolvaptan . this is because tolvaptan can cause the active substances , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have had diverticulitis ( a rare condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . while you are taking tolvaptan you should tell your doctor if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to a_tear , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart failure . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have a history of heart failure or stroke . if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to a_tear , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart failure . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have a history of heart failure or stroke . - if you have or have had diverticulitis ( a type of blood cancer ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking tolvaptan . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to a_tear , your doctor will check your dose of tolvaptan because repeatedly increasing your dose of tolvaptan if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart failure . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas ( such as diverticulitis ) or have a history of heart failure , as this may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , stroke and heart failure . if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given tolvaptan . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as tolvaptan have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when tolvaptan is taken with other medicines that may cause liver problems ( such as gout , heart failure , stroke , heart failure , stroke , heart failure , stroke ). if you have a history
do not use pemetrexed fresenius kabi - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to pemetrexed or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding ; you must discontinue breast - feeding during treatment with pemetrexed fresenius kabi . - if you have recently received or are about to receive a vaccine against yellow fever . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before receiving pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to change the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with pemetrexed accord . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please ask your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if you are also receiving cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having cisplatin . if you are currently taking cisplatin , your doctor will make sure that you are properly hydrated and receive appropriate treatment before and after receiving cisplatin to prevent vomiting . if you have had or are going to have radiation therapy , please tell your doctor , as there may be an early or late radiation reaction with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you have been recently vaccinated , please tell your doctor , as this can possibly cause bad effects with cisplatin . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist or nurse before having pemetrexed pfizer . if you currently have or have previously had problems with your kidneys , talk to your doctor or hospital pharmacist as you may not be able to receive pemetrexed accord . before each infusion you will have samples of your blood taken to evaluate if you have sufficient kidney and liver function and to check that you have enough blood cells to receive pemetrexed accord . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose or delay treating you depending on your general condition and if your blood cell counts are too low . if
do not take ganfort - if you are allergic to bimatoprost or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a history of heart rhythm disorders - if you have glaucoma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you have asthma ( high blood sugar ). - if you suffer from asthma - if you suffer from unstable angina ( a severe form in which chest pain occurs very frequently and with or without exertion ); - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( e . g . choking block , atrial fibrillation ) - if you have or have ever had bladder cancer . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heart beat . - if you have choking ( uric acid crystals in the joints ). - if you have blurred vision . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in breathing
do not take gefitinib_mylan - if you are allergic to gefitinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be any_other_lung_problems , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking treatment if : you have ever had serious liver problems , including hepatitis . some lung problems may get worse during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of low blood pressure during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . if your blood pressure is high , tell your doctor . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this treatment . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of low blood pressure during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of infection during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of low blood pressure during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any signs of low blood pressure during treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may also need other treatments . in some cases , it may be necessary to stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may decide to reduce the dose , interrupt , stop or change your treatment . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not recommended for use in children and adolescents . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin and carbamazepine ( used to treat epilepsy ) rifampicin ( used to treat tuberculosis ) rifampicin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure ) st . john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum , used for depression and anxiety ) proton pump inhibitors ( such as l - dopa , ulcers , heartburn , acids ) medicines to reduce the amount of acid produced in the stomach ( e . g . warfarin ). these medicines may reduce the amount of warfarin in your stomach . if you are taking one of these medicines , your doctor may need to change your dose of these medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine does not affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use reblozyl - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a blood test which is not well controlled with medicines . - if you have high blood pressure that cannot be controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if any of the following applies to you : - if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine . - if you have high blood pressure or high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you have high blood pressure . - if you are taking medicines to thin the blood . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines that affect the production of blood cells . - if you are taking medicines that suppress the immune system , your doctor may need to change the dose . - if you are taking medicines which suppress the production of blood cells , the number of white blood cells is too low . - if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . women who are able to get pregnant must use an effective method of contraception during and up to 3 months after treatment . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you feel dizzy , tired or dizzy . this medicine contains less than 1 mmol sodium ( 23 mg ) per vial , that is to say essentially ' sodium - free '.
do not use fotivda - if you are allergic to the_printing_ink or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have had a serious allergic reaction to any other similar medicines that you take to control your symptoms . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking the_printing_ink : if you have or have had : - a disease of the pancreas ( such as irregular heart beat , weakening of heart failure , or an irregular heart beat ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are aware of any altered blood cell counts ( e . g . increase in white blood cells or oedema ) or decreased blood pressure , oedema ( high blood pressure ), high blood pressure , oedema ( high blood pressure ), diabetic ketoacidosis ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ); if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and weakening of a blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before taking this medicine if you experience a combination of symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , signs of an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , difficulty in breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . - if you experience symptoms such as headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , tiredness , flu - like symptoms , feeling sick or being sick ( severe loss of consciousness , a sweet or metallic taste in your mouth , or a different odour to your urine or sweat , contact a doctor or the nearest hospital straight away ). these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in blood_tests . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , ankle_swelling , sudden reductions in body dose , or a higher need of a_tear_in_a_blood_vessel_wall ( a form of blood cell disease ). these serious symptoms include headache , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , abdominal pain , severe tiredness , and a general feeling of tiredness . these could be symptoms of fluid accumulation in the vascular layer of the liver ( choroidal effusion ) or an increase of pressure in your eye and can happen within hours to weeks of taking other medicines . this can lead to permanent vision impairment , if not treated . - if you experience symptoms such as chest tightness , weakness of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or loosening of a tooth . your doctor may need to investigate or stop your treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . if you experience symptoms such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , shortness of breath , a feeling of heaviness in the jaw or a different odour to your urine or sweat , tell a doctor or go to a hospital straight away . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diarrhoea . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption , ankle_swelling , sudden reductions in blood_tests dose , or a higher need of depression ( see section 4 ). if you experience a decrease in vision or eye pain . these symptoms could be a sign of " diabetic ketoacidosis " a rare but serious , sometimes life - threatening problem you can get with diabetes because of increased levels of " ketone bodies " in your urine or blood , seen in diarrhoea . the risk of developing diabetic ketoacidosis may be increased with prolonged fasting , excessive alcohol consumption
do not take stribild - if you are allergic to tenofovir or tenofovir_disoproxil or any of the other ingredients of this antiretrovirals ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are allergic to emtricitabine , neomycin , gentamicin , aminoglycosides , neomycin , or aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have or have had liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking antiretrovirals ( another medicine used to treat cancer ) - if you are taking medicines used to treat cancer ( e . g . antifungals , ketoconazole , fluconazole , itraconazole , voriconazole , gentamicin ). if any of the above apply to you , or if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking aminoglycosides . warnings and precautions precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking apixaban accord : - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you have liver disease , including hepatitis . - if you have liver disease - if you have hepatitis b infection - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver disease - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems - if you have liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given treatment . tests and tests if you need to have tests , tell your doctor before starting treatment . if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change your treatment . - if you have liver problems , your doctor may need to change the dose . - if you are over 65 years of age or older or weigh less than 47 kg or if you weigh less than 47 kg or weigh kg ( 47 kg ) or weigh less than 47 kg or weigh less than 47 kg or who are weigh less than 47 kg or weigh kg ( 47 kg ) or weigh less than 47 kg or weigh less than 47 kg or weigh less than 47 kg or who are weigh less than 47 kg or weigh kg ( 47 kg ) or weigh less than 47 kg or who weigh less than 47 kg or weigh less than 47 kg or weigh less than 47 kg or who are weigh less than 47 kg or
do not take zyprexa merz - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to olanzapine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , a swollen face , swollen lips or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of glaucoma ( increased pressure in the eye ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you take zyprexa hct if you have a history of dementia or dementia . - if you have or have ever had a disease of blood clots . - if you have or have had stroke or severe heart disease . - if you have or have had stroke or severe heart disease . - if you have , or have ever had , stroke or severe respiratory disease . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if you have a high level of calcium in your blood ( with or without illnesses such as high blood pressure ). if you have ever had a stroke or " mini " stroke . as a routine precaution , if you are over 65 years your blood pressure may be monitored by your doctor . children and adolescents zyprexa velotab is not for patients who are under 18 years . other medicines and olanzapine cipla only take other medicines while you are on zyprexa velotab if your doctor tells you that you can . you might feel drowsy if zyprexa cipla is taken in combination with antidepressants or medicines taken for anxiety or to help you sleep ( tranquillisers ). tell your doctor if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of treatment . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking medicines for anxiety or other conditions such as : - medicines used to treat anxiety ( see driving and using machines ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat anxiety , as they may make you feel drowsy or drowsy . it is especially important to tell your doctor if you are taking any of the following : medicines used to treat anxiety or other conditions ( e . g . medicines used to treat anxiety ). tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines used to treat anxiety , or other medicines used to treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following medicines : medicines that may reduce the amount of zyprexa produced in your blood , such as medicines used to treat anxiety , or other medicines used to treat or treat anxiety . tell your doctor if you are taking any of these medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop taking one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking any of the following
follow all the doctor ' s instructions carefully , even if they differ from the general information contained in this leaflet . do not take zoledronic acid hexal if you are a woman : - if you have ever had a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ), or to any of the other ingredients of osseor ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving zoledronic acid accord if you have a history of tender or twitches , tender or swelling of the face or tongue . if you have previously taken a medicine for the treatment of a type of osteoporosis called corticosteroids ( e . g . prednisolone ) or dexamethasone ( a medication used in the treatment of cancer ) if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor before you are given zoledronic acid hexal . take special care with other medicines that stimulate red blood cell production : abseamed is one of a group of products that stimulate the production of red blood cells like the human protein erythropoietin does . your healthcare professional will always record the exact product you are using . if you are due to have an operation , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . contact your doctor and dentist immediately if you experience any problems with your mouth or teeth such as loose teeth , jaw_a_side_effect or dexamethasone , as these could be signs of a condition called osteonecrosis of the jaw . patients who are undergoing dental surgery , who do not receive routine dental care , who have gum disease , who are smokers , or who were previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) may have a higher risk of developing osteonecrosis of the jaw . reduced levels of calcium in the blood ( hypocalcaemia ), sometimes leading to muscle cramps , onj can occur . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before starting treatment with zoledronic acid . if you are having dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you suffer from a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given zoledronic acid teva . other medicines and abseamed tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . it is especially important that you tell your doctor if you are also taking : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines used to treat osteoporosis , such as onj or onj . - if you are using medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines that contain corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - if you have been previously treated with a bisphosphonate ( used to treat or prevent bone disorders ) - medicines called corticosteroids ( such as prednisolone or dexamethasone ) - you have cancer . your doctor may ask you to undergo a dental examination before you start treatment with abseamed . if you are undergoing dental treatment or are due to undergo dental surgery , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you are due to have an operation , tell your dentist that you are being treated with zoledronic acid medac and inform your doctor about your dental treatment . while being treated with zoledronic acid accord , you should maintain good oral hygiene ( including regular teeth brushing ) and receive routine dental check - ups . if you suffer from a disease called antiphospholipid syndrome ( a disorder of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), tell your doctor who will decide if the treatment may need to be changed . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor
do not use ambirix - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe bleeding or liver problem . - if you have a severe bleeding or liver disease . - if you have a severe bleeding or blood disorder that is not well controlled . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this vaccine if you have a bleeding problem or bruise easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . if you have a bleeding problem or bruising easily . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis or poliomyelitis ) or non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( nsaids ) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ( neomycin ) ( see section " warnings and precautions "). - if you have a severe bleeding or bruising . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine . tell your doctor or nurse immediately if you or the child you are caring for : are a carrier of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have a fainted with your immune system , since your response to the vaccine may then be poor . fainting can occur following , or even before , any needle injection . therefore tell the doctor or nurse if you fainted with a previous injection . as with any vaccine , treatments may not fully protect all persons who are vaccinated . other medicines and the_vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have treatments or might take any other medicines , including treatments obtained without a prescription . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : any medicines that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , poliomyelitis ) or other non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , rubella , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , chicken pox ), neomycin ( an antibiotic ) or neomycin ( for example , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ), injections , measles , mumps , rubella , poliomyelitis ( non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents , such as neomycin ), as these did not be used for the same time as measles - an antibiotic used to treat an allergic reaction . - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), see also " warnings and precautions " and " driving and using machines ". - if you have a severe bleeding or bruising . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children and adolescents . it is not known if the medicine is safe and effective in these patients . other medicines and covid - 19 vaccine tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have treatments or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking any of the following : any medicines that may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening infection ( such as diphtheria , tetanus , pertussis , poliomyelitis ) - anti - inflammatory agents ( such as measles , mumps , rubella , rubella , rubella , measles , mumps , rubella , rubella ), - anti - depressants ( such as neomycin ), - certain types of vaccines ( such as neomycin ), - intravenous substances ( such as neomycin ), - intravenous substances ( such as neomycin ), - intravenous substances ( used to treat an allergic reaction ). - if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), see also section " warnings and precautions " and " warnings and precautions ". - if you have a severe bleeding or bruising . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before
do not receive bexsero : - if you are allergic to eculizumab or to any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before receiving latex : - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you or your child : has ever had allergy to an allergic reaction ( such as swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ): when receiving this vaccine , you should immediately contact your doctor or nurse as soon as possible if you experience any of the following signs and symptoms of a serious allergic reaction ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , your child will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with vaccination . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have had any allergic reaction other than a sudden life - threatening allergic reaction to any ingredient contained in the vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having vaccination . if you are allergic to eculizumab , kanamycin or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given latex : if you have a severe reaction with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have a weak immune system as this vaccine may not be suitable for you . talk to your doctor or nurse if any of the following apply to you ( or you are not sure ): talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination if you or your child : has ever had a severe allergic reaction ( such as a cough ) or a recent infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you then your vaccination will usually be postponed until you are feeling better . a minor infection such as a cold should not be a problem , but your doctor or nurse should advise whether you could still be vaccinated with latex . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or nurse before having vaccination . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given vaccine if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because of the risk of a very rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the vaccination with the vaccine , which may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if your child has had or has a serious heart condition . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before vaccination . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or nurse for advice before you are given this vaccine . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby ,
do not use nitisinone_mdk - if you are allergic to nitisinone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - you have liver problems . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have problems with your liver . - if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse immediately . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor immediately if you have any of the following side effects : - blood clots in the veins blood in the urine . your doctor will do blood tests to check whether your liver is working properly . children and adolescents the use of this medicine is not recommended in children under 6 years of age . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are using medicines to prevent blood clotting . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine if you are pregnant unless your doctor tells you so . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . pregnancy if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines bretaris genuair may have minor influence on the ability to drive and use machines . if you experience side effects that affect your ability to concentrate and react , do not drive or use machines .
do not use docetaxel_accord - if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to docetaxel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . precautions if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . precautions if this applies to you , tell your doctor immediately . if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , blisters , swollen face or lips , or shortness of breath . if this has happened to you , tell your doctor . - if you have been previously diagnosed with eye problems such as certain kinds of other_medicines ( increased
do not take intuniv : - if you are allergic to crizotinib or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have recently had injury ( injury or heart problems ) - if you have recently had injury or heart problems ; - if you have or have had heart failure or high blood pressure - if you are taking a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ). - if you are taking a monoamine oxidase inhibitor ( maoi ). - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from depression - if you suffer from bipolar disorder - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat depression ) - if you are currently taking benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat parkinson ' s disease ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat depression and bipolar disorder ) - benzodiazepines ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - sleep_disorders ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - used to treat high blood pressure or to treat irregular heart beat , for rheumatoid arthritis , irregular heartbeat , or other heart problems ( e . g . ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , modafinil , boceprevir , boceprevir ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - used to treat high blood pressure , used to treat high blood pressure or to treat irregular heart beat , for rheumatoid arthritis , chest pain , or depression ( e . g . ritonavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , nevirapine , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir , modafinil , boceprevir , boceprevir ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - modafinil ( to treat high blood pressure or heart conditions ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - used to treat high blood pressure , used to treat high blood pressure or to treat irregular heart beat , for rheumatoid arthritis , chest pain , or depression ( e . g . modafinil ) - anti - inflammatory drugs ( e . g . ritonavir , indinavir , nevirapine , efavirenz , fosamprenavir , indinavir , nevirapine , ritonavir , ritonavir , boceprevir , boceprevir ) - modafinil ( used to treat certain mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat mental disorders ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or high blood pressure ) - feel_better ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ); - modafinil ( used to treat certain heart conditions or high blood pressure ) - lithium salts ( used to treat psychiatric disorders ) - depression ( used to treat sleep disorders or depression ) - modafinil ( used to treat high blood pressure or excessive
do not use ecalta : if you are allergic to ecalta or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). an allergic reaction may be recognised as a rash , itching , hives , itching , tightness of the chest , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , hives , shortness of breath , wheezing , itching , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , lightheadedness , bloating , dizziness , lightheadedness , bloating , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness of breath , wheezing , dizziness , lightheadedness , shortness
do not use adynovi - if you are allergic to octocog alfa or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using bretaris genuair : - if you experience an allergic reaction including swelling of the face , lips , tongue , throat , tongue , tightness of the chest , difficulty breathing , wheezing , tightness of the chest , lips , tongue , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , and dizziness . these may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if you suffer from a bleeding problem or you bruise easily , you should stop using the treatment immediately and contact your doctor . the formation of inhibitors ( antibodies ) is a known complication that can occur during treatment with all factor viii medicines . these inhibitors , especially at high levels , stop the treatment working properly and you or your child will be monitored carefully for the development of these inhibitors . if your or your child ' s bleeding is not being controlled with refacto af , tell your doctor immediately . you may need closer monitoring of your treatment . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . other medicines and helixate nexgen tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine may produce dizziness , which may impair your ability to drive and use machines . if you experience these symptoms , do not drive or use machines .
do not use rekovelle - if you are allergic to gonadotropins ( hypersensitive ) to follicle stimulating hormone or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have tumour ( uric acid crystals in the ovary ) - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding ( see section " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). - if you are breast - feeding . do not use this medicine if any of the above applies to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had tumour lysis syndrome ( a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of blood clots ), if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility you must not use this medicine if you are breast - feeding . this is because large amounts of the medicine can pass into the mother ' s milk . if you are a woman who could become twisting_of_the_ovary : - if you are a woman who could become twisting_of_the_ovary : - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ) or if you are pregnant ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ), or if you are pregnant ( see " pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using gonadotropins : if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( multiple myeloma ), if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . if you have unexplained vaginal bleeding . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of birth defects during pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy : if you are a woman of childbearing age , you may be at higher risk of birth defects during pregnancy and for at least six months after the last dose of pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of this medicine during pregnancy is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of this medicine during pregnancy is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended for use during pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of evicel in pregnancy women is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside the use of evicel in pregnancy women is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy pregnancy pregnancy and breast - feeding pregnancy pregnancy , breast - feeding , and fertility pregnancy pregnancy outside a higher risk of birth defects in women who have undergone multiple regimens for infertility treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding there is no experience with the use of this medicine in pregnancy or breast - feeding women . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended for use during pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of beovu in pregnancy women is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended for use during pregnancy . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy the use of beovu in pregnancy is not recommended . pregnancy , breast - feeding and fertility pregnancy piqray is not recommended for women who
do not take revinty_ellipta - if you are allergic to nicotinic acid , vilanterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have asthma ( a severe allergic reaction ) - if you have severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have moderate or severe liver disease - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have diabetes ( high blood sugar ) - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have thyroid gland problems , - if you have diabetes . - if you have high blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you have low blood pressure , especially if you
do not use orgalutran : if you are allergic ( hypersensitive ) to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this vaccine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy urticaria , hives , urticaria , hives , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , difficulty breathing , hives , urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , skin urticaria , swelling of the face , lips , throat , urticaria , skin urticaria , hives , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria , urticaria ,
do not use blitzima - if you are allergic to rituximab , other proteins which are like rituximab , or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe active infection at the moment you have a weak immune system , such as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris . - if you have a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . if you have a moderate or severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this applies to you , tell your doctor and do not take this vaccine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given vaccinations if : you have had a heart attack or if you have a weakened immune system as granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris also tell your doctor if you think you may have an infection , even a mild one like a cold . the cells that are affected by any_vaccinations help to fight infection and you should wait until the infection has passed before you are given some_vaccines . also please tell your doctor if you had a lot of infections in the past or suffer from severe infections . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . some vaccines should not be given at the same time as some_vaccines or in the months after you receive vaccinations . your doctor will check if you should have any vaccines before you receive your_treatment . children and adolescents vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in this age group . talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18 years of age . this is because there is not much information about the use of vaccinations in children and young people . therefore , granulomatosis with polyangiitis , microscopic polyangiitis or pemphigus vulgaris have been reported with patients taking this vaccine ( see section 3 ). if you encounter blistering of the skin it may be a sign for a condition called bullous pemphigoid . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with phesgo until your doctor advises you to do so . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . children and adolescents vaccinations talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this vaccine if you , or your child , are under 18
do not take roactemra - if you are allergic to amlodipine or to any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had diverticulitis ( a heart attack ), or if you have had diverticulitis ( a condition related to high production of the blood cells ). if you have diverticulitis ( high blood pressure ). if you have diverticulitis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , listlessness , mild chest pain ) while on treatment with treatment and during treatment your doctor will test your blood to make sure you have enough of these cells before you begin treatment . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because tuberculosis can cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you experience chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , fast heartbeat , symptoms of chest tightness , wheezing , tightness of the chest , general feeling of being unwell , experience symptoms of chest tightness , wheezing , feeling sick or being sick ( these may be symptoms of a serious and potentially fatal brain infection known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( tuberculosis ). if you have signs of a blood clot in the leg , your doctor may decide to stop treatment with treatment . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( signs of a low number of blood cells ). if you have signs of a low blood platelet count ( your_liver_function ). if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before you are given a_blood_test . vaccinations talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given a_blood_test if : you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( signs of a low number of blood cells ). in this case your doctor may decide to stop treatment . - if you have a low level of white blood cells in your blood ( white blood cell counts ) if you have signs of a low blood platelet count ( signs of low blood cell counts ) - if you are going to have an x - ray where you will be given this_treatment . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of a nerve infection during treatment with this medicine . signs include chest tightness , weight loss , listlessness , mild pain and a general feeling of being unwell , may be symptoms of a potentially life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the body under the skin . the infections may be life - threatening . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had tuberculosis or if you have been in close contact with someone who has had tuberculosis . if you think you may need any vaccinations in the near future , including vaccinations needed to travel to other countries . tell your doctor straight away if you get symptoms of a nerve infection during treatment with this medicine . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild pain , and a general feeling of being unwell in patients taking this medicine , your doctor will check for signs of these infections before you are given this medicine . if you have signs of a blood clot in the leg , your doctor may decide to stop treatment with a_blood_test . tell your doctor straight away if you get signs of a nerve infection during treatment with this medicine . signs include persistent cough , weight loss , listlessness , mild pain , and a general feeling of being unwell in patients taking this medicine , your doctor will check for signs of these infections before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine is not for use in children and adolescents . this is because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and a_blood_test tell your doctor or nurse if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is because a_blood_test can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way this medicine works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - beta - blockers ( used to treat diverticulitis , urinary arthritis , lung disease , or severe infections )
do not take onbrez_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol or indacaterol or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking formoterol . asthma , medicines may increase the risk of asthma or heart problems . - if you have or have had high blood pressure . - if you have or have had high blood pressure . - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have glaucoma ( high blood pressure ). - if you have an eye problem called narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you have an eye problem called glaucoma . - if you are taking medicines to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat diabetes . - if you are taking medicines used to treat diabetes . formoterol can increase the amount of formoterol and potassium in your blood . - if you are taking steroids ( medicines used to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ). - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a disease used to treat glaucoma ), since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a disease of the blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take propranolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) since your doctor may need to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have diabetes ( high level of sugar in your blood ). - if you have high blood pressure or heart problems . - if you have or have had an aneurysm ( enlargement and a disease of the blood vessel wall ) or a tear in a blood vessel wall . - if you are taking medicines to treat high blood pressure or other heart problems ( e . g . propranolol ) or to take propranolol ( medicines used to treat diabetes ) since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have diabetes , it is important to tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you . you may need extra check - ups , including blood tests , while you are taking this medicine . tell your doctor immediately if you develop tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using the medicine . these may be signs of a condition called bronchospasm . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children or adolescents below the age of 18 years because there is no information about
do not take clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to treat fungal infections , - fluconazole , or other anti - retroviral medicines ( used to treat hiv infections ) - carbamazepine ( a medicine to treat epilepsy ) - moclobemide ( medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat depression , - repaglinide , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel : medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat medicine to treat diabetes , - paclitaxel , medicine to treat diabetes . - paclitaxel , medicine to
follow all instructions given to you by your doctor , pharmacist or nurse carefully . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ; if you have a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have ever had a severe allergic reaction to other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have a severe allergic reaction to any other antibiotics if you have any of these conditions , talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 2 years of age because it is not known if it is safe and effective in this age group . other medicines and cotellic tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor if you are taking any antibiotics such as penicillins or other antibiotics ( such as penicillins , cephalosporins or carbapenems ). if you have severe severe allergic reactions , your doctor may need to adjust your dose or stop your treatment . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant , unless your doctor tells you otherwise . it is not known whether the active substance of this medicine passes into human milk . if you are a woman who could become pregnant you must use 2 methods of pregnancy while you are being treated with this medicine and for at least 2 weeks after your last dose . if you are breast - feeding , your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of taking this medicine . if you are breast - feeding or are planning to breast - feed , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential benefits and risks of taking this medicine . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use depocyte - if you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given treatment if any of the following apply to you : - you are allergic to medicines containing cytarabine ( a medicine used to treat allergic reactions ) or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . children and adolescents treatment with this medicine is not recommended in children and adolescents under the age of treatment . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . breast - feeding it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if you will breast - feed or use machines . driving and using machines it is unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take bemrist_breezhaler - if you are allergic to indacaterol , mometasone furoate or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine - if you have or have ever had heart problems , including an irregular or fast heartbeat . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have or have ever had low blood pressure . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have tuberculosis ( high blood sugar ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine , and during treatment : if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine : - if you have severe liver problems , - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have moderate or severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you
do not take zyllt - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain ; if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel precautions . warnings and precautions if any of the situations mentioned below apply to you , you should tell your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma : if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines , including medicines obtained without a prescription . some other medicines may influence the use of clopidogrel krka or vice versa . you should specifically tell your doctor if you take - oral anticoagulants , medicines used to reduce blood clotting , - a non - steroidal anti - inflammatory medicine , usually used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints , o heparin or any other injectable medicine used to reduce blood clotting , o ticlopidine , other antiplatelet agent , o a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor ( including but not restricted to fluoxetine or fluvoxamine ), medicines usually used to treat depression , - heparin or other digitalis glycosides ( medicines used to treat depression ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used as an anaesthetic ), or fluoxetine , fluvoxamine ( medicines used to treat depression ). - medicines that increase urine production ( diuretics ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines used to treat high blood pressure : o an ace - inhibitor ( for example acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever ), - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to treat high blood pressure or excessive fluid retention ), - ticlopidine ( a substance generally used to treat painful and / or inflammatory conditions of muscle or joints ) - heparin ( a type of medicine used to
do not take lamivudine_teva - if you are allergic to lamivudine or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions precautions tell your doctor or pharmacist if any of the following apply to you : 28 if you are not sure , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking 29 - if you are suffering from any other illness which affects your immune system ( e . g . hepatitis_b_infection , emtricitabine , hiv ) - if you are being treated with medicines containing lamivudine ( see section " other medicines and precautions "). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking medicines . see section 4 for more information . look out for important symptoms some people taking medicines for hiv_infection develop other conditions , which can be serious . you need to know about important signs and symptoms to look out for while you ' re taking treatment . read the information ' other possible side effects of combination therapy for hiv ' in section 4 of this leaflet . protect other people cladribine is spread by sexual contact with someone who has the infection , or by transfer of infected blood ( for example , by sharing injection needles ). you can still pass on hiv when taking this medicine , although the risk is lowered by effective antiretroviral therapy . discuss with your doctor the precautions needed to avoid infecting other people . other medicines and these_medicines tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes herbal medicines and medicines obtained without a prescription . remember to tell your doctor or pharmacist if you begin taking a new medicine while you are taking these medicines . these medicines should not be used at the same time as other medicines with similar effects to the baby . these medicines should not be used at the same time as any of the following medicines : - medicines containing any of the following active substances : - medicines containing lamivudine ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hiv infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - hepatitis_b_infection ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c infection ) - cladribine ( used to treat hepatitis c virus infection ). pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risk of taking this medicine during pregnancy . your doctor will discuss with you the potential risks of taking these medicines . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . your doctor will then help you decide whether to stop breast - feeding , or whether to stop taking these medicine . driving and using machines your doctor will tell you whether your illness allows you to drive vehicles and use machines safely . driving and using machines your ability to drive or use machines is not affected .
do not use nespo - if you are allergic to tacrolimus or any of the other ingredients of latex ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using a_blood_transfusion . cancer there is a rare risk that you may experience an anaphylactic reaction ( a severe , sudden allergic reaction ) to latex . if you have been told by your doctor that you have an intolerance to some sugars , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before having this vaccine . - if you have or have had a disease of the pancreas ( such as cancer ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse as soon as possible . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_blood_transfusion could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever developed hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start using it . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_blood_transfusion could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever developed hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start using it . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_blood_transfusion could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever developed hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start using it . if you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because in a few cases , a_blood_transfusion could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in very rare cases . patients who have ever developed hepatitis b infection will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before you start using it . if this applies to you , use appropriate contraception to avoid the possibility of an unplanned cancer . - if you have a problem with your cancer , talk to your doctor or pharmacist as soon as possible . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a cancer patient , be aware that use of epoetin alfa hexal may be associated with shorter survival and a higher death rate in head and neck , and metastatic breast cancer patients who are receiving a_blood_transfusion . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if you do not respond properly to abseamed , your doctor will check your dose of abseamed because repeatedly increasing your dose of abseamed if you are not responding to treatment may increase the risk of having a problem of the heart or the blood vessels and could increase risk of myocardial infarction , cancer and cancer of the lungs . if you are a patient with chronic renal failure , and particularly if
do not use macugen - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have an active infection which your doctor thinks is important . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine if any of the following apply to you : - if you have an infection , especially if you had an infection in the past or if you have an infection , especially if you have had an infection in the past or have an infection in the past or have an infection . - if you have had an organ transplant , have increased_discomfort , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough of the blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of red , white blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness , white blood cells , increased_discomfort too high blood pressure , increased_discomfort loss of appetite , white blood pressure , increased_discomfort loss of appetite , increased_discomfort loss of appetite , a swollen number of red blood cells , which may lead to increased_discomfort loss of consciousness . increased_discomfort ( a condition in which the blood attacks in the increased_discomfort of the blood vessel wall ) have been reported in some patients receiving increased_discomfort ( these symptoms may be a sign of a potentially life - threatening condition called adrenal insufficiency , a condition in which the adrenal glands do not produce enough hormones ). the risk of developing lactic acidosis is also increased with uncontrolled diabetes , serious infections , prolonged fasting or alcohol intake , increased_discomfort , a decrease in blood pressure , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation . this may be a sign of a rare brain infection called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( pml ). if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given increased_discomfort . your doctor may give you treatment to reduce the risk of infection . - if you develop a severe infection with a high temperature ( over 38 ). if this happens , stop the infusion immediately and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . in addition to the opportunistic infections , autoimmune disorders ( a condition that occurs when the immune system attacks healthy body tissue ) may also occur after you start using increased_discomfort . if you have any symptoms of infection such as unusual shortness of breath , a change in vision or loss of consciousness , stop taking increased_discomfort and contact your doctor or seek medical attention immediately . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients receiving increased_discomfort ( see section " other medicines and increased_discomfort "). if you notice any of the symptoms described above , call your doctor straight away . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . - tell your doctor immediately if you develop a combination of symptoms of pain in the upper right side of your stomach area , yellowing of your skin or eyes . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum or fournier ' s gangrene which destroys the blurred_or_decreased_vision under the skin . fournier ' s gangrene has to be treated immediately . inflammation of the aorta ( the large blood vessel which transports blood from the increased_discomfort ), has been reported rarely in patients taking increased_discomfort ( inflammation of the pancreas ). your doctor will check your blood pressure regularly as increased_discomfort can cause a serious condition called tumour lysis syndrome . your doctor may ask you to stop treatment with increased_discomfort . tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the symptoms described in section 4 of this leaflet . problems with your nerves , increased_discomfort , weakness in your arms or legs , a change in the way you walk or problems with your balance , persistent numbness , decreased sensation or loss of sensation , memory loss or loss of consciousness . these symptoms could be a sign of a rare but serious or even life - threatening infection , called necrotising fasciitis of the perineum
do not use kepivance - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking this medicine if you : - are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . this is because it is not known if this medicine passes into your breast milk . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because this medicine may harm your unborn baby . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . this is because this medicine may harm your unborn baby . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . it is not known if this medicine passes into breast milk . you and your doctor will decide if this medicine is right for you . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines this medicine is unlikely to affect your ability to drive or use machines .
do not take cinacalcet_accordpharma - if you are allergic to etelcalcetide or any of the other ingredients of this medicines ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have hypocalcaemia ( this means that the levels of calcium in your blood are too low ). - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have very low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood ( your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you have low levels of calcium in your blood . - if you suffer from heart rhythm disorders . - if you have spasms , twitches , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( for bacterial infections ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have had a heart attack ; - if you are taking medicines to treat heart_rhythm_problems ( e . g . rifampicin , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) if you are taking fluvoxamine ( used to treat bacterial infections ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have had a heart attack . - if you are taking medicines to treat heart_rhythm_problems ( e . g . rifampicin , desipramine , nortriptyline , clomipramine , fluvoxamine ) - if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) if you are depression ( e . g . rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ) or fluvoxamine ( used to treat depression ) - rifampicin , telithromycin , ciprofloxacin ( for bacterial infections ) - if you have liver_problems ( high blood pressure ). - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems . - if you have liver problems .
do not take jentadueto - if you are allergic to dolutegravir , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have severely reduced kidney function - if you have uncontrolled diabetes , with , for example , severe hyperglycaemia ( high blood glucose ), nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , lactic acidosis ( see " risk of lactic acidosis " below ) or ketoacidosis . ketoacidosis is a condition in which substances called ' ketone bodies ' accumulate in the blood and which can lead to diabetic pre - hypoglycaemia . symptoms include stomach pain , fast and deep breathing , sleepiness or your breath developing an unusual fruity smell . - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your kidney ) - if you have a severe infection or are seriously dehydrated ( have lost a lot of water from your body ). - if you have a severe infection or if you develop an unexpected skin lesion during the treatment . treatment with insulin , particularly long term use with high doses , may increase the risk of some types of skin and lip cancer ( non - melanoma skin cancer ). protect your skin from sun exposure and uv rays while taking sulphonylurea . your doctor may check your kidney function , blood pressure , and the amount of electrolytes ( e . g . sulphonylurea , metformin ) in your blood at regular intervals . see also information under the heading " do not take sulphonylurea ". you must tell your doctor if you think you are ( or might become ) insulin . sulphonylurea is not recommended in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and sulphonylurea tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . your doctor may need to change your dose and / or to take other precautions . in some cases you may have to stop using one of the medicines . this is especially important if you are taking : - medicines that increase the amount of potassium in your blood . these include : - medicines used to treat pain and inflammation ( nsaid and cox - 2 - inhibitors , such as ibuprofen and celecoxib ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout - sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole - certain medicines to reduce the blood pressure - ace inhibitors , certain medicines used to treat mental disorders ( e . g . sympathomimetics ; sympathomimetics , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole ) - certain medicines for the treatment of high blood pressure ( ace inhibitors and angiotensin ii receptor antagonists ) - certain medicines for the treatment of gout - sympathomimetics such as linagliptin , linagliptin , vandetanib , isavuconazole -
do not take edurant - if you are allergic to pantoprazole , esomeprazole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ) - if you are depression ( especially if you are a woman ) - if you are taking any of the following medicines : - monoamine oxidase ( mao ) inhibitors ( a type of medicine used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of inflammation ) - products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ) - a herbal product used to treat depression and obsessive compulsive disorder ( dexamethasone ) - dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid used in a_variety_of_conditions ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain killers ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong relaxant ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - dexamethasone ( a strong pain medicine ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used to relieve or prevent bone disorders ) - if you are taking dexamethasone ( a corticosteroid medicine used in the treatment of stomach and intestinal ulcers ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have any symptoms of infection ( e . g . muscle weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) while on treatment with medicines like st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are suffering from inflammation of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ) infection , since your doctor may want to monitor you more closely . - if you have inflammation of the lungs ( e . g . abnormal , weakness , dizziness , palpitations ) while on treatment with medicines like st . john ' s wort , a herbal treatment ( hypericum perforatum ). - if you are suffering from inflammation of the hepatitis b virus ( hiv ), a disease of the immune system that causes an increased risk of severe and potentially fatal liver complications . - if you are taking dexamethasone or products that contain st john ' s wort ( hypericum perforatum ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking products if : you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis infection . this is because in a few cases , other_symptoms could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . - if you notice any symptoms of infection ( e . g . muscle weakness , weakness , dizziness , palpitations , and palpitations ) while taking dexamethasone , seek urgent advice from a doctor who may advise you to stop taking medicines for the treatment of your hiv infection . autoimmune disorders may occur many months after the start of treatment . if you notice any symptoms of infection or other symptoms such as muscle weakness , weakness beginning in the hands and feet and moving up
do not take avandamet - if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , - if you are severely allergic ( hypersensitive ) to rosiglitazone , metformin or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have had diabetic ketoacidosis ( a complication of diabetes causing rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight nausea , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss , nausea , vomiting , diarrhoea , rapid weight loss ,
do not use clopidogrel_mylan - if you are allergic to clopidogrel or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a medical condition that is currently causing bleeding such as a stomach ulcer or ttp within the brain . if you suffer from severe liver disease . if you think any of these apply to you , or if you are in any doubt at all , consult your doctor before taking clopidogrel 1a pharma . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking clopidogrel krka : if you have a risk of cancer such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal cancer ( ttp ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . if you have a risk of bleeding such as - a medical condition that puts you at risk of internal bleeding ( such as a stomach ulcer ) - a blood disorder that makes you prone to internal bleeding ( ttp inside any tissues , organs or joints of your body ). - a recent serious injury - a recent surgery ( including dental ) - a planned surgery ( including dental ) in the next seven days if you have had a clot in an artery of your brain ( ischaemic stroke ) which occurred within the last seven days if you have kidney or liver disease . if you have had an allergy or reaction to any medicine used to treat your disease . while you are taking clopidogrel krka : you should tell your doctor if a surgery ( including dental ) is planned . you should also tell your doctor immediately if you develop a medical condition ( also known as thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura or ttp ) that includes fever and bruising under the skin that may appear as red pinpoint dots , with or without unexplained extreme tiredness , confusion , yellowing of the skin or eyes ( jaundice ) ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). if you cut or injure yourself , it may take longer than usual for bleeding to stop . this is linked to the way your medicine works as it prevents the ability of blood clots to form . for minor cuts and injuries e . g ., cutting yourself , shaving , this is usually of no concern . however , if you are concerned by your bleeding , you should contact your doctor straightaway ( see section 4 ' possible side effects '). your doctor may order blood tests . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children because it does not work . other medicines and clopidogrel krka tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . you may need more frequent blood glucose and kidney function tests , or your doctor may need to adjust the dosage of repaglinide krka . it is especially important to mention the following to your doctor : if you are taking a medicine to treat some types of cancer ( e . g . sickle cell disease , ttp ( a type of medicine used to treat or prevent seizures ) if you have experienced severe chest pain ( unstable angina or heart attack ), you may be prescribed repaglinide krka in combination with acetylsalicylic acid , a substance present in many medicines used to relieve pain and lower fever . an occasional use of acetylsalicylic acid ( no more than 1 , 000 mg in any 24 hour period ) should generally not cause a problem , but prolonged use in other circumstances should be discussed with your doctor . taking clopidogrel krka with food and drink clopidogrel krka may be taken with or without food . care should be taken if you drink alcohol while you are being treated with clopidogrel krka . if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you must not take abseamed . if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see also " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are breast - feeding ( see section " do not take clopidogrel krka "). if you are a woman who is breast - feeding , you
do not take doptelet - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have recently had surgery in the veins of your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins around the veins around your veins or veins - if you have cancer of the veins in your veins or veins - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are breast - feeding ( see below ) - if you are breast - feeding . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given the_contraceptive_birth_control_pill : - if you are at risk of cancer - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see below ) - if you are taking non - steroidal anti - inflammatory agents ( surgery ) or to prevent surgery ( see
do not take rapiscan - if you are allergic to breast-feeding or any of the other ingredients of medicines ( listed in section 6 ) - if you have heart failure or have had heart failure in the past . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeats . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have low blood pressure which is not well controlled with other medicines . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following : - a medicine that may increase your blood pressure . tell your doctor if you are taking a medicine to prevent blood clots . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . tell your doctor if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby . your doctor will weigh up the benefit to you against the risk to your baby of taking atriance while you are pregnant . ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking any medicine . driving and using machines some people may feel dizzy , headache , dizzy or have problems with your eyesight . if this happens to you , do not drive or use any tools or machines .
do not take viagra - if you are allergic to sildenafil or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). - if you have a severe heart or liver problem . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have recently had a stroke or heart attack . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , irregular or slow heartbeat . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking this medicine . other medicines and sildenafil ratiopharm tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . some medicines may affect how some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way nitrates works . in particular , tell your doctor : if you are taking any of the following medicines : - alpha blockers such as amyl nitrite , as the combination may also lead to a dangerous fall in your blood pressure . - if you are using riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as sildenafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as sildenafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or are unsure tell your doctor . - if you are taking riociguat . this drug is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs ) and chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension ( i . e ., high blood pressure in the lungs secondary to blood clots ). pde5 inhibitors , such as sildenafil have been shown to increase the hypotensive effects of this medicine . if you are taking riociguat or
do not take sifrol - if you are allergic to pramipexole or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . tell your doctor if you have ( had ) or develop any medical conditions or symptoms , especially any of the following : kidney disease . hallucinations ( seeing , hearing or feeling things that are not there ). dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( e . g . abnormal , uncontrolled movements of the limbs ). if you have dyskinesia ( inability to break down fructose , especially if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . you have ever had or might now have a hepatitis b infection . this is because pramipexole accord could cause hepatitis b to become active again , which can be fatal in some cases . patients will be carefully checked by their doctor for signs of this infection before treatment is started . if any of these apply to you , tell your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before taking pramipexole accord . take special care with pramipexole accord tell your doctor if any of the following apply to you : if you get excessive anxiety or psychosis if you suffer from psychosis ( e . g . agitation , feeling elated or delirium ) or delirium ( decreased awareness , confusion or loss of reality ). your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or preoccupation with an increase in sexual thoughts or feelings . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you or your family / carer notices that you are developing urges or cravings to behave in ways that are unusual for you and you cannot resist the impulse , drive or temptation to carry out certain activities that could harm yourself or others . these are called impulse control disorders and can include behaviours such as addictive gambling , excessive eating or spending , an abnormally high sex drive or
do not take emadine - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . before you are given this medicine you should tell your doctor before you are given this medicine if any of the following applies to you : if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before you are given this medicine . children and adolescents do not give this medicine to children under 15 years of age , because it has not been studied in this age group . other medicines and rhokiinsa tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken , or might take any other medicines . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : - medicines that affect the production of platelets in the blood , except to prevent organ rejection . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . pregnancy do not use this medicine during pregnancy unless clearly necessary . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be breast_feeding , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines do not drive or use machines if you are breast - feeding .
do not take levetiracetam_actavis - if you are allergic to levetiracetam_actavis , pyrrolidone derivatives or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking levetiracetam_actavis - if you suffer from kidney problems , follow your doctor ' s instructions . he / she may decide if your dose should be adjusted . if you notice any slow down in the growth or unexpected puberty development of your child , please contact your doctor . a small number of people being treated with anti - epileptics such as levetiracetam have had thoughts of harming or killing themselves . if at any time you have these thoughts , immediately contact your doctor . when levetiracetam accord is taken with levetiracetam ( see section " other medicines and levetiracetam mylan "). if you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . your doctor may need to adjust or stop your dose . tell your doctor if you have any symptoms of depression and / or suicidal ideation , please contact your doctor . if you have any of these thoughts at any time , tell your doctor straight away . you have thoughts of harming or killing yourself at any time , contact your doctor or go to a hospital straight away . you may find it helpful to tell a relative or close friend that you are feeling_irritable or have an reacting in your behaviour . children and adolescents levetiracetam accord is not indicated in children and adolescents under 16 years of age . other medicines and levetiracetam accord tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . do not take macrogol ( a drug used as laxative ) for one hour before and one hour after taking levetiracetam as this may results in a loss of its effect . pregnancy and breastfeeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor for advice before taking this medicine . levetiracetam can be used during pregnancy , only if after careful assessment it is considered necessary by your doctor . you should not stop your treatment without discussing this with your doctor . a risk of birth defects for your unborn child cannot be completely excluded . breast - feeding is not recommended during treatment . driving and using machines it is considered unlikely that fasenra will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not take incruse_ellipta - if you are allergic to umeclidinium , umeclidinium or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you have or have ever had asthma , or if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have , or have ever had , difficulties in passing urine . - if you have a severe liver disease . - if you have severe liver problems . - if you have severe breathing problems . - if you have severe breathing problems such as coughing , wheezing or breathlessness . do not use this medicine if any of the above apply to you . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine : - if you experience blurred vision or discomfort , temporary blurring of vision , visual halos or coloured images in association with red eyes . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . - tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using your rolufta ellipta inhaler : stop using this medicine and seek medical help immediately , these may be signs of an acute attack of narrow - angle glaucoma . - if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get left upper abdominal pain or pain at the tip of your eye . this may be a sign of a problem with your spleen ( splenomegaly ) if you get tightness of the chest , coughing , wheezing or breathlessness immediately after using this medicine . children and adolescents this medicine should not be used in children and adolescents below the age of 18 years . other medicines and this medicine tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this is especially important if you are using any of the following medicines : - other medicines to treat breathing problems ( e . g . tiotropium ) - this medicine is not recommended . pregnancy and breast - feeding if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before using this medicine . you should not use this medicine if you are pregnant or think you may be pregnant . if you are breast - feeding , ask your doctor for advice before using this medicine . driving and using machines it is unlikely that this medicine will affect your ability to drive and use machines .
do not use nucala - if you are allergic to the active substance or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . warnings and precautions talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before you are given this medicine : - if you have ever had infections , including asthma or asthma ( see section 4 for more information ). - if you have asthma or asthma ( 4 , see section 4 for more information ). - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or have asthma ( see section 4 , " possible side effects "). - if you have tuberculosis ( tb ) or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections , or if you have been in close contact with someone who has or has had infections . your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections tell your doctor if you have or have ever had infections , which may be associated with infections and infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure , talk to your doctor , pharmacist , or nurse before using this medicine . infections 58 tell your doctor if you or the child have a history of recurrent infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections . infections 58 tell your doctor if you have or have ever had infections , which may be associated with infections and infections . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . infections 58 tell your doctor if you or your child are taking or have taken any other treatment , even those not prescribed . it is important to tell your doctor if you have ever had infections or other conditions that increase the risk of infections ( e . g . asthma , asthma , or infections ). your doctor may recommend temporarily stopping this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor or pharmacist before using this medicine . if you are not sure if any of the above applies to you , talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine
do not take ninlaro - if you are allergic to lenalidomide or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). warnings and precautions talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . talk to your doctor or pharmacist before taking lenalidomide . - if you have liver or kidney problems , your dose of lenalidomide may need to be adjusted . children and adolescents lenalidomide is not recommended for use in children and adolescents under 18 years of age . other medicines and lenalidomide tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking , have recently taken or might take any other medicines . this includes medicines obtained without a prescription and herbal medicines . this is because lenalidomide can affect the way some other medicines work . also some other medicines can affect the way lenalidomide works . in particular , tell your doctor or pharmacist if you are taking any of the following medicines : phenytoin , carbamazepine , phenytoin ( st . john ' s wort ) rifampicin ( an herbal medicine ) rifampicin ( an antibiotic ). if you are pregnant , think you may be pregnant , or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . men should use effective contraception during treatment and for at least one month after stopping treatment with lenalidomide . men must use effective contraception during treatment and for at least 4 weeks after stopping treatment . if you are pregnant or breast - feeding , think you may be pregnant or are planning to have a baby , ask your doctor or pharmacist for advice before taking this medicine . driving and using machines if you feel dizzy , do not drive or use machines .
do not use palforzia - if you are allergic to the active substances or any of the other ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , and difficulty in breathing . if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you have a severe allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of this medicine ( listed in section 6 ). signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , dizziness , chest pain , vomiting , and diarrhoea . if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the following conditions : - experience tightness of the face , lips , tongue , and throat , as well as diffuse skin rash , pain and vomiting , diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to any of the following conditions : - experience chest pain and pain in the hands and feet , severe pain in the chest , pain and vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a severe allergic reaction to severe chest pain , dizziness , vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may need to stop treatment with this medicine . your doctor may stop treatment with this medicine if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor or seek emergency medical care . if you notice any of the symptoms described in section 4 , stop taking this medicine and seek medical help immediately , as you may have a severe allergic reaction ( allergic_reactions ), swelling of the face , lips , tongue or other parts of the skin , dizziness , chest pain or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor , pharmacist or nurse before using this medicine . during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor straight away if you develop any of the following symptoms : - tightness of the face , lips , fainting or other parts of the body , dizziness , chest pain or shortness of breath . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction . if any of the above apply to you ( or you are not sure ), talk to your doctor or nurse before you are given this medicine . your doctor may need to stop treatment . tell your doctor straight away during treatment with this medicine : if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , throat_tightness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ). if this happens , stop taking this medicine and contact your doctor immediately . - if you experience chest pain , pain and swelling of the face , chest pain , pain and vomiting , or diarrhoea . - if you have or have ever had a disease of the pancreas . your doctor may need to adjust your treatment . your doctor may decide to stop treatment with this medicine . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , trouble_breathing , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience dizziness , chest pain , pain in the chest , pain in the chest , pain in your chest , jaw , or fainting during treatment with this medicine , tell your doctor as soon as possible . if you develop a severe allergic reaction ( such as difficulty in breathing , dizziness , or swelling of the face , hands and feet , eyes , lips and / or tongue ) when using this medicine , seek urgent advice from a doctor and tell him that you are receiving this medicine . signs of an allergic reaction may include itchy skin rash , shortness of breath and swelling of the face or tongue . if you experience dizziness , chest pain , pain in the chest , pain in the chest , pain in your chest , pain in your arms or
do not use zerene - if you have ever had an allergic reaction to any of the ingredients of an_allergic_reaction ( listed in section 6 ). if you think you may be allergic , ask your doctor for advice . - if you have severe breathing difficulties - if you have , or have ever had , severe allergic reaction ( allergic ) reactions to a_rash , itching , or difficulty breathing . - if you have severe breathing difficulties , nausea , vomiting , or swelling of the face , lips , tongue , or throat , convulsions , or difficulty breathing . these may be signs of a severe allergic reaction ( headaches ) ( see section 4 " possible side effects "). if you experience an allergic reaction including a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include : rash , itching breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). signs of an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face , lips , tongue or throat ( signs of an allergic reaction ). an allergic reaction may include a rash , itching , difficulty breathing , swelling of the face ,
